The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Daguerreian Journal, Vol. II, No. 2,
June 1, 1851, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: The Daguerreian Journal, Vol. II, No. 2, June 1, 1851

Author: Various

Editor: Samuel Humphrey
        L. L. Hill

Release Date: October 10, 2020 [EBook #63428]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK DAGUERREIAN JOURNAL, JUNE 1, 1851 ***




Produced by Tom Cosmas produced from files generously
provided on The Internet Archive. All resultant materials
are placed in the Public Domain.











Transcriber Note: Text emphasis denoted as _Italics_ and =Bold=.




              VOL. II.         JUNE 1, 1851.          NO. 2.


                                  =THE=
                          =DAGUERREIAN JOURNAL:=

             =Devoted to the Daguerrian and Photogenic Arts.=

           Also, embracing the Sciences, Arts, and Literature.

                              [Illustration]

                  S. D. HUMPHREY AND L. L. HILL, EDITORS.



                                NEW-YORK:

           PUBLISHED SEMI-MONTHLY, AT $3 PER ANNUM, IN ADVANCE.

                            NO. 311 BROADWAY.

            SUBJECT TO NEWSPAPER POSTAGE.--See 3d page cover.




                               =CONTENTS.=


  Some experiments and remarks on the changes which bodies are
    capable of undergoing in darkness, and on the agent producing
    these changes, by Robert Hunt,                                    33

  Railroad to the Pacific,                                            35

  Experiments on the colored films formed by iodine, bromine, and
    chlorine, upon various metals, by Augustus Waller, M. D.,         36

  Iodine with silver and copper,                                      39

  Bromine with silver and copper,                                     40

  Chlorine with silver and copper,                                    40

  Iodine with titanium,                                               40

  Bromine with titanium,                                              40

  Chlorine with titanium and copper,                                  40

  Iodine with bismuth and silver,                                     40

  Iodine with mercury,                                                40

  Bromine with mercury and copper,                                    41

  Chlorine with mercury and copper,                                   41

  Bromine with lead,                                                  41

  Iodine with iron,                                                   41

  The American electric telegraph,                                    42

  Iron pavement,                                                      43

  Claudet's specification,                                            44

  Interesting experiment with strychnia,                              48

  Editorial--Operation of light on silver surfaces,                   49

  Letter from L. L. Hill,                                             50

  Papers of S. A. Wolcott,                                            51

  The natural colors in photography,                                  52

  Our Daguerreotypes--Butler--E. Long--L. M. Ives--N. E. Sissons--
    J. D. Wells,                                                      53

  Submarine telegraph between England and France,                     53

  Action of solutions of chlorides and air on mercury,                55

  The heat of combinations,                                           55

  Daguerreotype, by John Johnson,                                     56

  Galvanized Daguerreotype plates,                                    57

  Answers to Correspondents,                                          58

  Advertisements,                                                     59

  Artists' Register,                                                  63

                    *       *       *       *       *

                            =S. J. THOMPSON,=

WOULD most respectfully announce to the public, that he has one of
the best sky-lights in the United States, and is prepared to execute
Daguerreotypes. Likenesses of all sizes, put up in every style of the Art.

No. 57 State-street, Albany, N. Y.

                                                                       21y

                    *       *       *       *       *

                           =J. H. WHITEHURST'S=

                        =ELECTRO DAGUERREOTYPES,=

              _Galleries, 207 Baltimore Street, Baltimore,_

Broadway, New York, 77 Main street, Richmond, Va., Main street, Norfolk,
Va., Sycamore street, Petersburg, Va., Main street, Lynchburg, Va.,
Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington city. Likenesses taken equally well in all
weather.

                                                                       2tf

                    *       *       *       *       *

                              =J. D. WELLS,=

DAGUERREIAN ARTIST, No. 6 Kirkland's Block, Main Street; Northampton,
Mass. Likenesses taken by a sky-light connected with a beautiful
side-light. Pictures put up in all styles of the Art. Plates, Cases,
Lockets, Frames, and all kinds of Daguerreotype Stock for sale.

                                                                       2-3

                    *       *       *       *       *

                             =J. E. MARTIN,=

"EXCELSIOR ROOMS" Jefferson Avenue and Odd Fellows' Hall, Detroit.
Daguerreotype Likenesses taken in every style of the Art.

                                                                       21y

                    *       *       *       *       *

                          =HARRISON'S CAMERAS.=

The attention of those about purchasing instruments, is directed to the
following recommendation from one of the oldest operators in the country,
and one who has been "tried in the furnace" of experience:

                                            Waterbury, Ct., April 1, 1851.

C. C. Harrison,

_Dear Sir_,--It affords me much pleasure, after giving the instrument
I purchased of you last week a fair trial, and having had eleven years
experience as an operator, to be enabled to bear testimony to the
superiority of your Cameras over all others, not excepting those made
by "Voightlander & Sohn," for the sale of which I was sometime agent at
Boston.

                   Yours respectfully,

                               Albert Litch,

                 Formerly of the firm of Litch & Whipple,
                              Boston, Mass.
                    *       *       *       *       *




                                  =THE=

                          =DAGUERREIAN JOURNAL.=

         =======================================================
         Vol. II.         NEW YORK, JUNE 1, 1851.          No. 2
         =======================================================




                      =SOME EXPERIMENTS AND REMARKS=

         =ON THE CHANGES WHICH BODIES ARE CAPABLE OF UNDERGOING=
         =IN DARKNESS, AND ON THE AGENT PRODUCING THESE CHANGES.=

                             BY ROBERT HUNT.


                               [Concluded.]

With the view of testing Dr. Draper's results, I carefully iodized two
silver plates and exposed them to light. I then placed them so that half
of one plate was covered by half of the other, and allowed them to remain
in the dark 1-24th of an inch apart for four hours. On mercurialization
I could not detect the slightest difference between the covered and
uncovered portions of either of the plates.

Another silver plate was iodized and exposed to light. It was then placed
in the dark wish a sensitive plate which had been carefully kept from the
light, 1-16th of an inch above it, and a small engraving placed between
them. They were allowed to remain thus for six hours. When exposed to the
vapor of mercury, the plate which had been subjected to the light whitened
all over, and the space occupied by the engraving was distinctly marked
by lines of vapor thicker than the other parts. The plate which had been
preserved in the dark was scarcely at all influenced by the vapor, except
on those parts which had been touched by the supports of card-board on
which it rested. These were so arranged that no radiation could have
influenced those parts of the plates.

An iodized silver plate was placed in the dark with a little fine string
coiled over parts of it, and a polished silver plate supported 1-8th of an
inch above it. After four hours both plates were subjected to mercurial
vapor. On the iodized plate the deposit of vapor was uniform, although
slight; but on the superposed plate of silver a strong and beautiful image
of the string on the under plate became visible. I found that neither of
the two iodized plates had lost their sensitiveness by the operations to
which they had been subjected in the dark.

Hoping to detect some evidence of the process by which these singular
results were produced, I instituted a series of experiments, of which the
following are some of the most interesting results.

A. A silver plate was iodized, a piece of card was placed upon it, and a
well-polished mercurial plate (amalgamated copper) was suspended 1-8th of
an inch above it, and left in this state for a night. The space on the
silver plate corresponding with the mercurial plate, except under the
card, was nearly freed of its iodine, which had evidently combined with
the mercury on the upper plate. On exposing the mercurial plate to the
vapor of mercury the image of the card was rendered visible, the vapor
covering every part of the plate except that opposite the card. The silver
plate received the vapor only on those parts which were not influenced by
the mercurial plate. The upper plate was suspended by strings; these were
faithfully imaged on both plates; by a thick line of mercurial vapor on
the under plate, by the absence of it in the upper one.

B. An iodized _silvered_ plate was exposed to light until brown, and a
mercurial plate suspended above it for twelve hours. The browned silver
plate was _whitened_, and all the irregularities of the mercurial plate
strikingly marked on it: the mercurial plate was slightly tarnished. On
rubbing the silvered plate it was found that the silver was removed more
readily over the whitened portion, but had lost none of its adhesion in
other parts.

C. Over an iodized silver plate, plates of gold, platina, silver, brass,
copper, copper amalgamated, and zinc were placed at the distance of
1-8th of an inch. After three hours the amalgamated plate had made a
decidedly visible impression on the silver one. On exposure to vapor, the
mercury lodged on every part of the plate except that affected by the
mercurial plate; some irregularities were observed, but none which could
be decidedly traced to the other metals in juxtaposition. I have some
evidence that different metals near each other seriously interfere with
each other's influence.

D. A mercurial plate was iodized, and another mercurial plate placed 1-8th
of an inch above it. The upper plate became covered with a bright yellow
film; and on exposing them to mercurial vapor, marks became apparent which
corresponded with those in the opposite plate.

E. A silver plate was iodized and placed in the dark with an engraving,
face down, upon it. An amalgamated copper plate was laid on this, and
left for fifteen hours. The mercurial plate was reddened, and on exposure
to the vapor of mercury, a very nice impression of the engraving was
brought out, it having been effected through the thickness of the paper.
On the silvered plate the space covered by the paper was well marked;
but vaporization produced no trace of the engraving. The space beyond
the paper was rendered white. It was curious that both plates had
several spots which corresponded, particularly two, distinguished by
a well-defined circle and a comet-like appendage, in length ten times
the diameter of the circle. These spots could not be traced to anything
visible in the print or either of the plates, and must, I think, be
referred to some electrical influence. I find it indeed commonly the
case, that the plates, after being subjected to these kind of experiments
a few times, become mottled, or present on their polished faces all the
appearances of a finely-grained wood, and in this state they are less
susceptible of receiving any impression than when not so.

F. A silver plate was iodized and placed upon an engraving laid on a
brightly polished mercurial plate, and left in the dark for twenty-four
hours. The mercurial plate was turned brown, and the silver plate was left
in the same state as if it had been exposed to sunshine, being _brown and
black_. Neither of these plates gave a copy of the picture.

G. A mercurial plate was iodized, and above it was placed a plate of
polished iron, a disc of paper being first laid on the mercurial plate,
and they were left in this state for some hours. On exposing the iron
plate to mercurial vapor, it was abundantly lodged over that space
opposite the paper disc, but not at all on the other parts. The mercurial
plate was attacked by vapor over every part but that which the paper disc
protected.

Lead and zinc plates were used instead of the iron one, with nearly
similar results.

H. A Daguerreotype was taken, and without removing the iodine a mercurial
plate was placed a little above it, and left for ten hours. When removed,
well-defined traces of the Daguerreotype picture were evident on the
mercurial plate, which leads me to hope that by careful manipulation we
may succeed in multiplying these beautiful productions by an easy method.

I became desirous of ascertaining whether the mercurial plates would
produce any change upon the precipitated iodide of silver. I find by many
experiments, that if the iodide of silver is pure, no more change is
produced than is produced upon it by diffused light; but if it is rendered
sensitive by a trace of the nitrate of silver, it is then darkened as by
solar influence.

Sensitive iodide of silver being placed upon a plate of glass, a mercurial
plate was fixed 1-8th of an inch above it. In three days the iodide of
silver had become a deep brown, almost a black, and the mercurial plate
was covered with the yellow iodide of mercury. Nitric acid dissolved
the dark portion of the silver salt, as did also ammonia, on which was
formed Faraday's oxide of silver, thereby proving the change, either by a
primary or a secondary process, of the iodide into the oxide of silver.
This experiment has been repeated at least a dozen times, and always with
the same results. If a little heap of the iodide of silver is placed
under a mercurial plate, it is exceedingly interesting to witness the
gradual formation of the very beautiful colored rings on the mercury in
the progress of its conversion into an iodide. By prolonged action the
yellow iodide passes into the bright red biniodide of mercury. I have
some experiments now in hand, which convince me that similar chemical
changes are to be effected through considerable spaces. I have succeeded
in decomposing the iodide of copper and the iodide of gold by mercurial
plates placed nearly a quarter of an inch above them.

I have an extensive record of results similar to those I have now
detailed, all of them showing that the changes brought about by this
mysterious agent, whether it be heat, light, or an undiscovered element,
cannot be referred to those rays which the admirable researches of Sir
John Herschel have shown to be the operative ones in producing the
photographic phenomena which have so interested the world by their
novel beauty, and which professor Draper includes within his general
term--tithonicity. With regard to the detithonizing influence of the gases
mentioned by Dr. Draper in his paper in your March number, I can only
consider the results, which I find to be as he has stated, as the simple
reconversion of the decomposed iodide of silver into another definite
chemical compound. An iodized plate is exposed to light, the iodide of
silver or other sensitive salt is decomposed, and in a state to receive
mercurial vapor. It is now passed through an atmosphere of iodine, of
chlorine, of bromine, or of nitrous gas. Chemists are well aware of the
surprising energy with which these bodies attack the metals, consequently
the exposure of a moment is quite sufficient to convert the surface which
has undergone a change, into an iodide, chloride, bromite, or nitrite of
silver. I certainly cannot see the necessity of going so far out of our
way for an explanation of this effect as Dr. Draper has done.

I fear I have already occupied too much of your valuable space, or I might
be inclined to trespass further. I shall, however drop my pen for the
present, again assuring you that I only desire to keep the image of Truth
which is just shadowing our path, as free as possible from mists which
might in any way obscure it.--_Philosophical Magazine_, 1843.

                    *       *       *       *       *

Railroad to the Pacific.--Forest Shepherd, of Sacramento City, says it is
now ascertained almost beyond doubt, that a railroad can be constructed
from the Mississippi to the Pacific, without crossing any mountains, or
meeting more impediment from snow than between Albany and Boston.

                    *       *       *       *       *




                    =EXPERIMENTS ON THE COLORED FILMS=

      =FORMED BY IODINE, BROMINE, AND CHLORINE UPON VARIOUS METALS.=

                        BY AUGUSTUS WALLER, M. D.


In a paper presented by me to the Academy of Sciences of Paris, an extract
from which may be seen in the _Comptes Rendus_ for October 5, 1840, I
first demonstrated the error committed in ascribing to the iodide of
silver alone the power of fixing the vapors of mercury, after it had been
exposed to the action of light. Instead of this property being exclusively
confined to a film of iodide of silver, as obtained in the process of M.
Daguerre, I found that it existed in many other substances when presented
to the action of light in the state of thin films, viz. by the bromide
and chloride of silver; by the oxide, bromide, iodide and chloride of
copper, and some others; all these, however, possessing less sensibility
than the iodide of silver of Daguerre, and therefore less available for
the reproduction of the images of the camera than the compound originally
discovered by that gentleman. The iodide of Daguerre was found already too
little sensitive to the influence of light in this climate, especially
when applied to the reproduction of the image of animate objects, so that
those films discovered by me seemed still less suitable to be employed
for that purpose; this objection has, however, been completely removed by
recent improvements, more particularly those of M. Claudet, who effected
this principally by combining the original discovery of Daguerre with
those mentioned above as having been subsequently made by myself. Pursuing
the first stage of Daguerre's process, he obtained the film of iodide of
silver, and added to this another film of bromide, either in a simple
state,--as practised in my experiments published more than six months
before--or after two of these substances had been combined together, as
the chloride of iodine and the bromide of iodine, which he was the first
to employ.

These colored films, however, merit attention independently of the
purposes to which they may be applied in photography: the beauty of some
of the phenomena themselves is peculiarly attractive; the numerous changes
of color they undergo, either by a variation in the thickness of the film,
or by the action of light, assign them a place among the most curious
facts of science, and the extreme facility with which they are obtained
adds to the interest they excite.

Impressed with these ideas, I was induced to pursue a train of
investigation on this subject; among the results of which, one of the most
interesting was a new method of making colored rings, like those generally
known under the name of "Newton's colored rings," on many of the metals,
by the same chemical process as that employed for forming the films of
uniform thickness in photography. In order to procure these colored
rings, and at the same time to show the identity of the origin of the
colors with those of the ordinary transparent films, that is, as residing
simply in the thickness of the lamina and not dependent on the ordinary
cause of color, we have but to place a piece of iodine on a well-polished
surface of silver or copper, and in a short time we find around the iodine
a series of colored zones of the various tints of the spectrum, and
approaching in a greater or less degree to the form of a circle, according
as they have been more or less disturbed in their formation by currents
of the surrounding air. In order that they may be perfectly regular, as
large as possible, and with tints undisturbed by the action of light, it
is necessary to place a piece of iodine in the centre of a well-polished
plate, as before described; this is then to be shaded by an opake screen
superimposed a few lines from the surface to cause the vapors which would
otherwise ascend and partially escape, to expand over its silver surface.
Colored rings may be formed in the same manner by bromine and chlorine and
the various combinations of these bodies with each other, except that for
those that are gaseous or liquid it is requisite to pay a little attention
to the manner of disengaging them on the surface of the metal, either by
passing them through a glass tube, or by some other contrivance easy to
execute.

These rings correspond to those formed by reflected light in Newton's
experiments, with this difference, however, that in the colored films of
the soap bubble, and in those formed by the glass lenses, the thinest film
is in the centre; whilst in these rings, obtained by chemical action, it
exists at the circumference, as is the case with the colored rings of
Nobili. In watching the formation of these phenomena, at first are seen
two or three very small circles, which appear almost as soon as the iodine
and the metal are placed in contact with each other; as the experiment
continues, the circumference of these circles become gradually greater;
whilst the external colors extend themselves over a great space, those of
the centre grow fainter; red and green now only remain visible, and these
at last, when the film has attained a certain thickness, in their turn
also give place to a dull coating of brown.

The formation of these rings evidently depends on the vaporization of the
iodine from the solid nucleus. The variety in color and extent of these
zones is caused by the difference between the strength of the vapor at the
centre and the circumference of the iodic atmosphere whilst expanding over
so large a surface. In the metal thus combining with the vapor, we have
to consider,--1, the force of the vapor of different distances from the
centre; 2, the obstacle which a film of iodine, once formed, opposes to
any further action between the iodine and the metal.

This experiment may be varied in different ways: two pieces of iodine
of about the same size, placed at a small distance from each other on a
silver plate, form separate colored circles, until these come in contact
at their circumferences, when the two systems will slowly coalesce and
produce one common outline of the form of an ellipsis.

As the colors formed on various metals by the above-mentioned agents are
very similar to one another, it may be sufficient to examine in particular
those produced on silver by iodine.

The external film of the iodide of silver rings, which corresponds to the
central black spot in those of Newton, is completely invisible, it being
impossible to perceive any difference between the parts so covered and
those where the metal is intact; but by exposing half the plate to the
influence of light, whilst the other part remains covered, the silver is
then found darkened far beyond the limits of the external gold-colored
zone, where previously the surface was perfectly clear. The dark film
thus rendered apparent is now liable to be rubbed off by the slightest
friction, whereas before it was very adherent to the subjacent surface.
The first zone is of a pale gold color, which assumes a deeper tint as
the thickness of the film increases: the second zone is blue, the third
white: after these appear the different colors of the spectrum in regular
succession, as in the films studied by Newton and others, viz. yellow,
orange, red, blue green, yellow &c.

The presence of the golden-colored zone in the place mentioned is worthy
of remark, as in the tables of Newton of the colors presented by films
of various thicknesses, the blue is stated as immediately following the
black. The same gold film is the first which appears on most metals when
their surface is attacked in this manner. Chlorine and bromine on silver;
oxygen on steel; chlorine and bromine on titanium, bismuth, &c., commence
their colors in the same way. Copper, however, is in one respect an
exception, this metal first becoming of a dark red, which increases to a
ruddy brown and then changes into blue. This deviation is fully accounted
for by the color of the copper itself. With this single particularity,
this metal undergoes the same alterations as the others.

The action of light on the different colors of the iodide of silver is
very interesting: the most correct way of studying this is to protect one
half of a system of colored rings by an opake screen, while the other half
is exposed for a short time to the influence of the solar rays. The golden
zone undergoes the greatest change; at first it grows darker, then red,
and at length is converted into a beautiful green. The blue film, which
comes next in thickness, suffers considerable alteration in its tint,
assuming a much deeper and more brilliant shade; the rest of the colors
appear to be similarly affected by the action of light, though to a very
slight degree, acquiring a trifling accession in their brilliancy. It has
already been remarked that light destroys the adherence of the external
invisible film; the same thing obtains with the second or gold-colored
film, which turns green, _but only to a certain depth_ of the film, as may
be proved by slightly rubbing the part thus altered; the green color is
then seen to disappear, and beneath the pulverulent portion thus removed
is found the gold color, having almost the same appearance as before the
plate had been exposed. As this experiment may be repeated several times
with the same results, it shows to how inconceivably small a depth the
light has acted to produce this effect.

To ascertain what would take place on augmenting the thickness of the
portion turned green, and the adherence of which was destroy ed, a piece
of iodine was placed on the plate so that its vapor, by expanding,
might arrive upon the green, at the same time the whole being kept from
the light; the result was that the additional film combined with the
one already existing, producing a blue, being the color which would
have resulted by the combination of the unaltered yellow films. I have
found no chemical substance possessing the power of arresting, or in
any way influencing these changes of color; strong adds, provided they
do not attack the silver--for then, of course, the experiment would be
destroyed,--and alkalies in concentrated solution, allow the action of
light to go on as usual. The hyposulphate of soda, and ammonia in solution
have no longer the power of dissolving the green film as they had before
the action of light.

When the plate is left still longer exposed, after the changes above
stated have taken place, the colors become more faint, and within the
zone of green a white cloudy film is caused by the light, which, as it
increases, veils the spectral colors beneath.

The knowledge we at present possess in chemistry of the affinities with
which different bodies are endowed for combining with each other is but
very imperfect, and the causes which complicate most chemical phenomena
are so numerous, that it is scarcely possible to compare any two chemical
actions to each other. Most of the facts upon which chemical science is
founded, are acquired either by bringing the two bodies destined to act on
each other into contact by dissolving them in a liquid, or by subjecting
them to a temperature more or less elevated.

In the first of these methods, we are so far from being able to calculate
the force of the chemical powers called into play, that Berthollet was
induced to deny the existence of chemical power in the various phenomena
of solution and precipitation of saline substances, and according to him
what is called insolubility in a body is merely the result of its strength
of cohesion, an entirely physical property.

When the intervention of caloric is required, the effects are still more
complicated, as they vary according to the intensity of the heat employed,
and the time its action is exerted; besides, the chemical action, when
it does take place, is frequently so instantaneous that it is impossible
in our present state of science to imagine any means by which it might
be measured. In the combination of the three bodies, iodine, bromine
and chlorine, with the metals, however, most of these objections cease
to exist, or may be easily avoided. As their vapors combine with the
metallic surfaces at the ordinary temperature, they are all of them in
the same circumstances in that respect; and if the temperature should be
required more elevated, the gasiform state of these substances, iodine not
excepted, enables us to submit the metals to be experimented upon all at
the same time to the same influence. If, therefore, it were possible to
reduce the metallic substances into fine powders the particles of which
were of the same dimensions, by acting upon them with either of these
vapors, an idea might be formed of the affinities which produce their
binary compounds by the increased weight acquired by the powders in this
process; but the difference which exists in the physical properties of
the various metals would preclude the possibility of any near approach
to accuracy in this mode of proceeding; but by acting on the polished
metallic surfaces, as in the preceding experiments, all the advantages
offered by the process with the powders are included, whilst several of
the difficulties are removed.

As the film of the compound augments, it undergoes the various changes of
color which take place in all transparent films, thus affording a means of
ascertaining the absolute thickness obtained in different circumstances,
when it would be difficult to detect the slightest difference in weight
by means of the most delicate balance. The depth of this coating may be
ascertained when either the index of refraction of the compound itself is
known, or if the angle of polarized light is given by means of the law
discovered by Sir David Brewster, between the tangent of the angle of
polarization, and the index of refraction. The most convenient way which
occurred to me of performing these experiments, was the employment of a
bell-glass within which some iodine is fixed at the top; this apparatus
being placed over the metal to be acted on, the experiment may be watched
in all its progress, and the action can be retarded or accelerated at
pleasure by varying the interval of the iodine from the metal, or by
interposing at some distance from its surface a disc of paper so as to
cause the vapors of iodine to pass through it. Bromine may be made use of
likewise by pouring a few drops of it over some carded cotton, and using
it in a similar manner with the iodine. In respect to chlorine, it is most
convenient to disengage it slowly by dropping a little sulphuric acid upon
some chlorinated lime.

In illustration of the objects of this mode of experimenting, I will
aduce some of the results it has given me with various metals. Some of
the experiments below were performed before I had the idea of watching
the progress of the combination through a transparent medium; they are
therefore less exact than they might otherwise have been: but I have
preferred stating them as I had inserted them in my note-book before I
had conceived any idea as to their probable utility in the elucidation of
chemical affinity, and when I intended them for other purposes, which I
shall hereafter explain.


                     _Iodine with Silver and Copper._

  1st change. Silver--pale gold.
     "        Copper--assumes a darker red.
     "        Silver--blue.
  2nd do.     Copper--blue.
     "        Silver--white.
  3rd do.     Copper--white.
     "        Silver--yellow.
  4th do.     Copper--yellow more extended than on the silver.
     "        Silver--Orange.
  5th do.     Copper--Red.
     "        Silver--blue, bluish-red.
     "        Copper--red, with a tinge of green on some parts.
     "        Silver--greenish blue.
     "        Copper--red, tinged with green.
     "        Silver--green.
     "        Copper--orange.
     "        Silver--yellowish green.
     "        Copper--orange tending to red.
     "        Silver--yellowish green.
     "        Copper--orange-red.
     "        Silver--red.
     "        Copper--dull green.
     "        Silver--red.
     "        Copper--green.
     "        Silver--deep green.
     "        Copper--dull red.

                    _Bromine with Silver and Copper._

  5th change. Copper--sensibly darkened.
     "        Silver--unchanged.
     "        Copper--deep red.
     "        Silver--unchanged.
     "        Copper--red, blue.
     "        Silver--pale gold.
     "        Copper--white, orange of the 2d order.
     "        Silver--yellow.
     "        Copper--green of the 1st order, red 3rd order.
     "        Silver--blue.


                    _Chlorine with Silver and Copper._

The affinity of chlorine with silver is much inferior to that which it
possesses for copper.


                         _Iodine with Titanium._

Iodine at the common temperature has no action upon this metal.


                         _Bromine with Titanium._

Bromine, when the surface of this substance is perfectly dry, has no more
action upon it than iodine; but if it have a slight coating of moisture,
as is formed by merely condensing on it the vapor of the breath, the
colored films are formed without difficulty by the vapors of bromine.
Their appearance is the same as those of the iodide of silver, viz. gold,
deep gold, blue, white, yellow, orange, red, &c.


                   _Chlorine with Titanium and Copper._

Titanium has a stronger affinity than it has for either of the preceding
vapors. The combination takes place when the metallic surface is either
dry or moist.

  Copper--much reddened.
  Titanium--not affected.
  Copper--passed through several of the spectral orders of red and green
    until it arrived at almost its last changes of colors.

Titanium under the same action received a dull film, which viewed
obliquely showed red, green, yellow.

Silver, exposed to the same influence as the two former, had yellow in the
centre and blue more externally.


                    _Iodine with Bismuth and Silver._

  Silver--pale gold.
  Bismuth--some parts yellow, others not attacked.
  Silver--blue, white, yellow-orange.
  Bismuth--blue, yellow, orange.

In the action of iodine on bismuth, the influence of the physical
condition of metallic surface is very manifest. The crystaline texture of
this metal may be perceived, and the difference of its hardness admits,
to a certain point, of being measured by the difference of the color of
the films that are formed on various points; while most parts are yellow,
there exist others of an angular outline which remain still unattacked;
the same difference is remarked in the other stages of the combination.


                          _Iodine with Mercury._

It is impossible to estimate the affinity between mercury and iodine by
means of the colored films, because, on combining, these two substances
merely cause a dirty white appearance on the surface of the latter.
Their combining affinity appears to be considerable, for when exposed
together with silver the action produced with both was red at the edges,
little altered in color; on the rest of its surface a dull white film,
in the midst of which were seen several dark spots, where the metal was
apparently unaltered.


                    _Bromine with Mercury and Copper._

  1st. Mercury--gold color.
   "   Copper slightly darkened.
  2nd. Mercury--blue.
   "   Copper dark red.
  3rd. Mercury--green on some parts.
   "   Copper white.

After this the copper underwent its usual changes of color on prolonging
the action of the vapor of bromine, but the color of the mercury suffered
no further change.


                   _Chlorine with Mercury and Copper._

  Mercury--a slight film.
  Copper no alteration of color.
  Mercury--deep gold color.
  Copper deep red on some parts, blue on others.
  Mercury--red tinged with blue.
  Copper blue, white.
  Mercury--blue.
  Copper same as before.

"With respect to the bromide and chloride of mercury, it is necessary
to view them obliquely in order to perceive all the changes of color
they undergo; for if looked at perpendicularly, there is seen on both
a dull uneven film of white which reflects none of the above colors:
consequently, to avoid any error, the copper must be inspected under the
same angle.


                    _Bromine with Bismuth and Silver._

  Silver--pale gold.
  Bismuth--not apparently changed.
  Silver--deep gold, blue.
  Bismuth--yellow, blue.
  Silver--blue, yellow.
  Bismuth--dull colorless film.


                   _Chlorine with Bismuth and Silver._

Bismuth is slowly attacked with chlorine gas, much in the same way as with
iodine and bromine in vapor.


                           _Bromine with Lead._

At the common temperature neither bromine nor chlorine forms colored films
upon this metal, which it is very difficult besides to bring to any high
state of polish on account of its softness. But when lead is heated, as
over the flame of a spirit-lamp, the vapors of bromine then form very fine
colored films, which are in succession gold, deep blue, &c.


                           _Iodine with Iron._

These two may be made to form colored films when combined rapidly
together, but generally a dull coating without any spectral color is
obtained, on account of the deliquescence of that salt.

Until we know the index of refraction of the different films enumerated,
it would be impossible to give a correct table of the combining powers
in the experiments that have been detailed; nor is the table of the
relative thickness of transparent plates as it has been transmitted to
us by Newton, sufficient in the present instance, if any great degree of
precision be required. Besides these objections, it is necessary before
leaving this subject to pass in review several others inseparable from the
mode of performing the experiments themselves. The principal circumstances
complicating these experiments and liable to vary in different
observations, are,--

First, the hardness of the metal acted upon; 2ndly, the obstacle opposed
to the continuation of chemical action by the inert film formed upon the
metal; 3rdly, the force of the vapors that attack the metal. The influence
of the texture of the metallic surface on chemical action is most evident
when bismuth is the metal employed. Here the chemical action may be
seen to commence on small isolated portions of the surface, which have
already assumed a deep gold color, before other parts are in the least
changed, from the natural appearance of the metal. To determine how far
this might influence the formation of the iodide of silver, a silver coin
was exposed to iodine with a piece of pure silver; as the former was so
much the harder of the two, it was naturally supposed that the chemical
action would be slower in exerting itself on it than on the latter. This,
however, was not the case, as may be seen by the following statement of
the result of the experiment:

  Silver coin--pale gold color.
  Pure silver--pale gold.
  Silver coin--deep gold.
  Pure silver--deep gold.
  Silver coin--light blue.
  Pure silver--light blue.
  Silver chin--yellow.
  Pure silver--blue, white, yellow not visible.
  Silver coin--yellow, red at edges.
  Pure silver--yellow, no red edges.
  Silver coin--red, blue at edges.
  Pure silver--yellow, no red apparent.

The intensity of the resistance offered by the different films of iodide
of silver to a continuation of the chemical combination, may be determined
by noting the moment at which the various spectral tints make their
appearance.

         Color of the film of iodide of silver.
   '  "
   0 50--beginning to darken.
   2  0--pale gold.
   4 40--deep gold.
   6 40--orange blue.
   7 30--blue.
   9 30--light blue.
  11 30--commencement of yellow.
  18 30--orange red.
  20 15--blue.
  22 55--deep blue.
  24 40--green.
  28  0--yellowish green.
  30 25--ruddy brown.
  40 10--green.
  46 30--green.
  50 10--red.
  53 15--green.

By comparing the thickness of the colors with the space of time required
for their production, it will be found, however imperfect the table given
by Newton may be when applied to this subject, that towards the end of
the experiment above given, the chemical combination is retarded by the
presence of the inert film, and that to obtain the same thickness of film
as at the commencement, about double the time is required.

The third cause of error may be avoided by operating with vapors of about
the same force. In those described, the average time employed in passing
to the maximum was generally about half an hour; if that were not taken
into consideration, different results might be obtained.

In regard to chlorine, there exists another cause of complication--the
affinity which it possesses for water; for when disengaged in the ordinary
manner, chlorine carries with it a certain quantity of water which may
very much alter the results of the experiment.--_Philosophical Magazine,_
1842.

                    *       *       *       *       *




                    =THE AMERICAN ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.=


In each of the countries of Europe where the Electric Telegraph is
established, viz.: Britain, France, Germany, and Russ a, the people seem
anxious to claim for one or more of their own countrymen some merit
in connection with the invention. The English speak of Wheatstone and
Bain; the French of Le Sage; the Germans of Steinheil and Siemen; and
the Russians of Schilling or Jacobi. Most of these inventors have their
agents or representatives in different countries, ready on every suitable
occasion to speak or write in behalf of their principal.

The inventor of the American Electric Telegraph has, we believe, no
agent in Europe; and no person there who has any special interest in
promoting the introduction of his system. The adoption of it by the
Prussian government for great distances, as decidedly the best which it
could obtain, after advertising extensively in Europe, is, therefore,
the more remarkable; and especially, as the only knowledge which the
Prussians possess of the American system seems to have been derived from
one imperfectly acquainted with its powers; for we can account in no other
way for the fact that Siemen's needle apparatus is adopted for short
distances; Morse's instruments being clearly superior to Siemen's, or to
any other needle apparatus, for short as Well as for long distances; since
they are much more rapid in their motion, and have, besides, the advantage
of making a permanent record on paper, instead of merely indicating to the
eye by an evanescent sign. No one using the telegraph in America, would
think of employing a needle apparatus in any of its operations.

In addition to the evidence of the high estimation of the American
Telegraph by Europeans, furnished by this adoption of it in Prussia,
we learn also from an elaborate work on Telegraphs by Dr. H. Schellen,
recently published in Dusseldorf, that it is now introduced into other
countries on that continent. Dr. S. says: "Of late the Morse Telegraphs
are much used in Europe, viz: in England; between Hamburg and Cuxhaven;
between Bremen and Bremer-haven; in Prussia, Austria, Bavaria and
Hanover." Dr. S. might have added also that it is used in Turkey. Among
the advantages of the American Telegraph, Dr. S. says, is its "quickness
in making and marking the signs upon paper. * * * _It records under the
hand of a skilful operator 100 to 120 letters, in the same time in which
the best needle telegraphs are able to indicate 20._"

While the superiority of the American Electric Telegraph to all others is
thus acknowledged by Europeans, they do not seem to be aware that the date
of the American invention is also prior in point of time to that of any of
their own electric telegraphs. They very naturally regard the date of the
patent as the date of the invention, because in every country in Europe
the patent is given to the person who first promulgates the invention in
that country; and it is not safe, therefore, in Europe, for an inventor to
permit others to know any thing of his invention until he has patented it.
But in America, where the law permits no one to take out a patent but the
inventor, he is perfectly safe in communicating the knowledge of what he
has done, and even in publicly exhibiting his invention, before he takes
out his patent, provided he secures himself by a caveat, and does not
offer it for sale, or permit it to go into common use.

The inventor of the American Electric Telegraph, it is well known,
exhibited his instruments in operation in the N. Y. University, in the
presence of hundreds of our citizens in September, 1837, and privately to
his friends at various times as far back as November 1835, although his
first patent was not secured until 1838. No one claims for the inventions
of either Wheatstone or Steinheil a date prior to 1837; and when European
writers on the telegraph come to understand our laws, and the error into
which they have fallen, by confounding the date of the American invention
with the patent, they will no doubt do our country the justice to admit
its claims to priority as well as to _superiority_.--_N. Y. Observer._

                    *       *       *       *       *

Iron Pavement.--Iron is daily coming into more general use for almost
every purpose. A letter from Paris, of a late date says:

"A new pavement, to upset the Macadam and other inventions of the kind,
has been proposed by Mr. Tobard, who intends paving, in this way, the
streets and boulevards of Paris. This gentlemen has proved, by figures,
that melting iron is only worth 11 francs in Paris, 7 francs in Belgium,
and 4½ francs by 100 kilogrammes in England, whilst the stone costs 25
francs in London, 15 francs in Paris, and 8 and 10 francs in Belgium. This
new mode of pavement will be grooved, in order not to become slippery, and
it is said that the electricity occasioned by the rolling of the carriages
will prevent rust. Here is a new field open to industry."


                         CLAUDET'S SPECIFICATION.

Sealed 21st November, 1843.

We give the following as copied at the Patent Office in London. Many of
our Daguerreotypists have enquired of us in relation to the patents on the
Daguerreotype in England.

  To Autoine Jean Claudet, of High Holborn, in the county of Middlesex,
  glass merchant, for an invention of improvements in the process and
  means of obtaining the representation of objects of nature and
  art,--being a communication. [Sealed 21st November, 1843.]

These improvements consist in rendering the Daguerreotype picture
susceptible of producing, by printing, a great number of proofs or copies;
thereby transforming it into a complete engraved plate.

The process is established on the following facts, which have come to the
knowledge of the inventor:--

1st. A mixed acid, composed of water, nitric acid, nitrate of potassa, and
common salt, in certain proportions, being poured upon a Daguerreotype
picture, attacks the pure silver, forming a chloride of that metal, and
does not effect the white parts, which are produced by the mercury; but
this action does not continue long. Then, by a treatment with ammonia
(ammonia containing already chloride of silver in solution, is preferable
for this operation), the chloride of silver is dissolved, and washed
off, and the metal being again in its naked state, or cleansed from the
chloride, it can be attacked afresh by the same acid. This acid acts
better warm than cold.

2d. As all metallic surfaces are soon covered (when exposed to the
atmosphere) with greasy or resinous matters, it is necessary, in order
that the action of the acid upon the pure silver should have its full
effect, for the surface to be perfectly purified; this is effected by the
employment of alcohol and caustic potash.

3d. When a Daguerreotype picture is submitted to the effects of a boiling
concentrated solution of caustic potash, before being attacked by the
acid, the state of its surface is so modified that the acid spares or
leaves, in the part which it attacks, a great number of prints, which form
the grain of the engraving.

4th. When the effects of the acid are not sufficient, or, in other words,
it is not bitten deep enough, the effect is increased by the following
process:--Ink the plate as copper-plate printers do, but with a siccative
ink; when the ink is sufficiently dry, polish the white parts of the
plate, and gild it by the electrotype process; then wash it with warm
caustic potash, and bite it in with an acid, which will not attack the
gold, but only the metal in those parts which having been protected by the
ink, have not received the coating of gold. By these means the engraving
is completed, as by the acid alone it is not generally bitten in deep
enough.

5th. To protect the plate from the effects of wear, produced by the
operation of printing, the following process is employed: The surface of
the plate is covered with a thin coating of copper, by the electrotype
process, before submitting it to the operation of printing; and when
that pellicle or coating of copper begins to show signs of wear, it
must be removed altogether, by plunging the plate in ammonia, or in a
weak acid, which, by electro-chemical action, will dissolve the copper,
without effecting the metal under it; the plate is then coppered again,
by the same means, and is then ready for producing a further number of
impressions. This re-coating operation may be repeated as many times as
may be required. The following is the description of the whole process,
which is divided into two parts, consisting of a preparatory and printing
process.

_Preparatory Engraving._--For this operation which is the most delicate,
it is necessary to have--1. A saturated solution of caustic potash. 2.
Pure nitric acid at 36° of the barometer of Beaumé (spec. grav. 1·333).
3. A solution of nitrate of potassa, composed of 100 parts of water, and
5 parts of nitrate, by weight. 4. A solution of common salt, composed
of water 100 parts, and salt 10 parts by weight. 5. A weak solution of
ammoniacal chloride of silver, with an access of ammonia. The ammoniacal
chloride of silver must be diluted with 15 or 20 parts of pure water. In
the description of the process, this solution will be called ammoniacal
chloride of silver. 6. A weak solution of ammonia, containing 4 or 5
thousandths of liquid ammonia. This solution will be called ammoniacal
water. 7. A weak solution of caustic potash, containing 4 or 5 thousandths
of the saturated solution, which will be called alkaline water. 8. A
solution composed of water 4 parts, saturated solution of potash 2 parts,
alcohol 1 part, all in volume. This solution will be called alcoholized
potash. 9. Acidulated water, composed of water 100 parts, and nitric acid
2 parts, in volume. Besides, it is necessary to have three capsulæ or
dishes, made of porcelain, large enough to contain the plate, and covered
with an air-tight piece of ground plate glass, and two or three more
capsulæ, which do not require to be covered; two or three glass funnels,
to wash the plate; and two or three glass holders, in the shape of a spoon
or shovel, by which the plate is supported when put in and taken out of
the solution, without touching it with the fingers.

The Daguerreotype plate is submitted to the engraving process, after
having been washed in the hyposulphate of soda, and afterwards in
distilled water.

_First process for biting in or engraving the plate._--The following
solutions must be put in the capsulæ, in sufficient quantity, so as to
entirely cover the plate:--1. Acidulated water. 2. Alkaline water. 3.
Alcoholized potash, in covered capsulæ. 4. Caustic potash, in covered
capsulæ. 5. Distilled water.

The plate being then put upon the glass holder or spoon, is plunged in
the acidulated water, and agitated during a few seconds, then put into a
glass funnel, and washed with distilled water. It is taken again with the
glass spoon, and plunged in the capsulæ containing alcoholized potash.
This capsulæ is covered with its glass cover, and then heated, by means
of a spirit lamp, to about 140° Fahrenheit. The plate must remain in the
capsulæ half an hour, during which the solution is heated now and then,
and agitated. During that time the following acid solution, which will be
called _nomal acid_, must be prepared: it is composed as follows:--Water
600 parts, nitric acid 45 parts, solution of nitrate of potassa 12 parts,
solution of common salt 45 parts. These proportions are in volume. The
nomal acid must be poured in a capsulæ, covered with its glass cover, and
a sufficient quantity must be kept in the bottle.

When the plate has been immersed in the alcoholized potash during half an
hour, it is taken out of the solution by means of the glass holder, and
immediately plunged in the alkaline water, and agitated pretty strongly;
from thence it is put in distilled water (A). This being done, the plate
is plunged in the acidulated water, and moved about therein for a few
seconds: it is then put into the nomal acid. When the plate has been
immersed a few seconds in the acid, it is taken out by means of the glass
holder, taking care to keep it as much as possible covered with the
solution, and it is immediately placed horizontally upon a stand, and as
much acid as the plate can hold is poured upon it from the bottle; it is
then heated with a spirit lamp, but without attaining the boiling point.
During this operation it is better to stir or move about the acid on the
plate by pumping it, and ejecting it again, by means of a pipette or glass
syringe; after two or three minutes the acid is thrown away, the plate is
put in the glass funnel, and then well washed with water, and afterwards
with distilled water (B).

Thus, without letting the plate dry, it is put upon the fingers of the
left hand, and with the right hand some ammoniacal chloride of silver,
which is moved about the surface by balancing the hand is poured upon it;
the solution is renewed until the chloride, formed by the action of acid,
is dissolved; the plate is then washed by pouring upon it a large quantity
of ammoniacal water, and afterwards some distilled water. (C.)

Without allowing the plate to dry, it is then put in the caustic potash,
and the capsula being then placed upon the stand, the potash is heated up
to the boiling point; it is then left to cool (D); and beginning again the
operations described from A, to D, a second biting is obtained; and by
repeating again the operations described in A, and B, a third biting is
produced. The plate is then dried; in this state the black parts of the
plate are filled with chloride of silver.

The plate is then polished until the white parts are perfectly pure and
bright. This polishing is soon done with cotton and ('ponce') (pumice
stone); afterwards, the chloride of silver, filling the black parts, is
cleansed by the means described in B, and C. The plate is dried, but
before drying, it is well to rub the plate slightly with the finger, in
order to take off from the black parts any remains of an insoluble body,
which generally remains on it. The preparatory engraving is then finished,
and the plate has the appearance of a very delicate acquatint engraved
plate, not very deeply bitten in.

Nevertheless, if the operation has been well managed, and has been
successful, it is deep enough to allow the printing of a considerable
number of copies.

_Note._--Sometimes, instead of treating the plate with the boiling potash
in the capsula, a similar result may be obtained by placing the plate
upon the stand, covering it with the solution, and heating it by means
of a spirit lamp, until, by evaporation the potash becomes in a state of
ignited fusion. By this means the grain is finer, but the white parts are
more liable to be attacked.

Last operation of biting in: This operation requires some of the
re-agents, before-named, and also,

1. A siccative ink, made of linseed oil, rendered very siccative by
boiling it sufficiently with litharge; it may be thickened with calcined
lampblack.

2. An electrotype apparatus, and some solutions of it to gild, and copper
the plate.

Means of operating: The plate must be inked as copper-plate printers do,
taking care to clean off the white parts more perfectly than usual; the
plate is then to be placed in a room sufficiently warm, until the ink is
well dried, which requires more or less time, according to the nature of
the oil employed. The drying of the oil may be hastened by heating the
plate upon the stand with the lamp, but the slow process is more perfect
and certain.

When the ink is well dried, the white parts are cleaned again, by
polishing the plate with cotton and ponce, or any other polishing powder;
a ball of cotton, or any other matter covered over with a thin piece of
caoutchouc or skin, can be used for this purpose. When polished the plate
is ready to receive the electro-chemical coating of gold, which will
protect the white parts.

_Gilding._--The gilding is obtained by any of the various processes
of electrotyping that are known. The only indispensable condition is,
that the surface obtained by the precipitation must not be liable to be
attacked by the weak acid; a solution answering this purpose is made of
10 parts, (by weight), of ferocganide of potassium; 1 part of chloride
of gold, and 1,000 parts of water, used with a galvanic battery. During
the gilding the plate must be turned in several positions, in order to
regulate the metallic deposit. In some cases the gilding may be made more
perfect, if the plate is covered with a thin coating of mercury before
putting in the gilding solution.

When the plate is gilded, it must be heated with the boiling caustic
potash, by the process already indicated for the preparatory engraving,
in order to cleanse it from all the dried oil or ink, which fills the
hollow. The plate is then washed and dried, and when the oil employed has
been thickened with the lampblack, the surface of the plate is rubbed with
crumbs of bread, in order to cleanse and take off the black remaining;
then, the white parts being covered and protected by varnish not liable
to be attacked, and the black parts being uncovered and clean, the plate
can be bitten in by aqua-fortis, according to the ordinary process used by
engravers.

This operation must be used upon the stand, and not by immersing the plate
in the solution.

Before this biting in, if the preparatory engraving has not succeeded
well, and the plate still wants a sufficient grain, it can be given by the
various processes of aquatint engraving.

Before submitting the plate to the operation of printing, in order to
insure an unlimited number of copies, it is necessary, as before stated,
to protect it by a slight coating of copper, which is obtained by the
electrotype process; otherwise the printing would soon wear the plate.
This coating must be kept very thin, but the fineness of the engraving,
and the polish of the white parts, should be destroyed. In this state the
plate can be delivered to the printer.

After a certain number of impressions have been obtained, it will be
perceived that the coating of copper is worn in some places; then this
coating must be removed, and a fresh one applied in its place. For this
purpose, the plate must be purified and cleansed by warm potash, and
plunged in a weak acid, composed as follows:--Water, 600 parts; nitric
acid, 50 parts; nitrous acid of engravers, 5 parts; all in volume.
This acid will dissolve the coating of copper, and the plate being
coppered again, by the same means as before, may be again submitted to
the operation of printing; and as nothing can prevent the success of
a repetition of the same operation, any number of impressions may be
obtained. The coating of copper can also be removed by caustic ammonia.
The Daguerreotype plate engraved by this process, may also be reproduced
and multiplied by the electrotype process, the same as any other engraved
plate.

The essential points of this process, which constitute the present
invention, consist,--

First,--in the discovery and employment of certain properties of a
mixture composed of nitric acid, nitrous acid, and hydrochloric acid, in
detrimental or fixed proportions. The two last mentioned acids may be
employed either in a free state, or combined with alkaline or other bases.
This mixed acid has the property of biting the pure silver, which forms
the black parts of the Daguerreotype picture, without attacking the white
parts formed by the amalgam of mercury.

The result of the action of the biting is, to form on the black part of
the picture an insoluble chloride of silver; and this chloride of silver,
which, when formed, stops the action of the acid, is dissolved by the
ammonia, which allows the biting to continue.

Secondly,--In the discovery of certain properties of a warm solution of
caustic potash, and in the employment of the said solution, by which the
mercury forming the picture is better and deeper amalgamated with the
silver under it, so that many imperceptible points of the amalgam are
affected in such a manner that the action has no action upon them.

Thirdly,--In the discovery and employment of a process which produces a
grain favourable to the engraving, by which the biting on the plate is
rendered deeper. This is effected by filling the parts engraved with a
siccative ink, or any other substance, and then gilding the plate by the
electrotype process: the gold is not deposited on the parts protected by
the ink. When the plate is gilded, the ink is cleansed by the caustic
potash, and the plate may be submitted to the effect of an acid, which
does not attack the coating of gold, but bites only on the silver in the
parts already engraved by the first operation.

Fourthly,--In the employment of a process by which the plate is protected
from the wear of the printing operation. This is effected by covering the
plate before printing, with a slight coating of copper; by the electrotype
process, and when the coating begins to wear, by printing, it is removed
by a weak acid or by ammonia, which dissolves the copper without effecting
the silver under it. The plate is coppered again, and after another
printing, the same operation is repeated, so that a considerable number of
copies may be printed without injury to the engraving.

Enrolled in the Pitty Bag Office, May, 1844.

                    *       *       *       *       *




                 =INTERESTING EXPERIMENT WITH STRYCHNIA.=


An interesting experiment, illustrative of the poisonous effects of
strychnia, was recently made by Professor Agassiz, at Cambridge. The
subject was a large black bear, about eighteen months old. The animal
was taken when young, and had been kept in captivity for a considerable
period. Professor Agassiz being desirous of killing it for the purpose of
dissection, about three grains of strychnia were administered. The poison,
though extremely bitter was readily swallowed. At the expiration of ten
minutes, no effect having been produced, a second dose of about the same
quantity was also inclosed in a biscuit and offered. The cunning animal
broke open and swallowed the biscuit, but rejected the poison. The first
portion, however, had proved efficacious, and in exactly fifteen minutes
from the time when first administered, the animal was seized with terrible
convulsions, and soon died.

The whole time which elapsed between the taking of the poison and the
death of the animal, did not exceed twenty-five minutes. In order to
alleviate its sufferings and hasten death, a quantity of hydrocyanic acid
was poured upon the nose and mouth of the bear. It did not, however,
produce any sensible effect, and was not apparently taken into the system,
as the animal at the time was nearly dead. But the subsequent effects of
the poison were most remarkable. Although the bear, at the time of death,
was in perfect health and strength, twenty-four hours had not elapsed
before the body was in an advanced stage of decomposition. Indeed the
appearances indicated that the animal had been dead for nearly two months.
The interior of the body, when opened about twenty hours after death,
still retained its warmth in a considerable degree, while an offensive
gas issued from every pore. The blood had not coagulated, the spinal
marrow and nerves were in a semi-fluid state, and the flesh had assumed a
leaden-gray color. The hair of the hide readily came out on being slightly
pulled. No smell of the hydrocyanic acid could be perceived.

The origin of this singular and speedy decomposition is not fully known,
though it is supposed to be due to the agency of the hydrocyanic acid. A
chemical examination of the muscle, brain, nerves, liver and kidneys is
now going on at the Cambridge laboratory, under the direction of Professor
Horsford. One singular fact connected with the spontaneous decomposition
of these parts is, that they all yielded or disengaged hydrosulphuric
acid gas, with the exception of the liver, which did not.--_Annual of
Scientific Discovery._

                    *       *       *       *       *


                                =NOTICE.=

A few copies only of Volume I. of the Daguerreian Journal can be had by
applying at this office. Price three dollars.

This is the most complete work ever published on the Daguerreian Art.
Orders addressed to the publisher of this Journal.

                    *       *       *       *       *




                        =THE DAGUERREIAN JOURNAL=

                        =NEW YORK, JUNE 1, 1851.=


The metal which the Daguerreotypists have most to deal with is silver.
To obtain plates of this perfectly clean and keep them so is one of
the most difficult parts of his art; in order to accomplish it he is
obliged to have resource to circuitous mechanical processes, or to some
chemical means whereby the old surface may be removed, or a new surface
deposited. He uses tripoli and rotten stone, rouge and buffing, fatty
matters, alcohol, ammonia, and nitric acid, for the first purpose; and
electro-plating for the second. The operator must not mistake the object
he has in view. By all his mechanical operations, where friction is
concerned, he obtains a _polished_ surface; but it is not to _polish_
the plate that he uses the buff, and the other materials; the object is
to clean the plate, and the _polish_ of the surface follows as a natural
result. That a polished surface is not necessary for the formation of an
image is evident from photography on paper, and Hyalotype. In these cases
the surfaces do not reflect light; they are not polished; they are merely
clean. The fact of a plate freshly taken out of a cell where silver has
been deposited on it receiving beautiful images, is another proof that
polish is unnecessary for success. What is wanted is a surface of pure
silver, one not coated with the slightest trace of oxide, carbonate, or
sulphuret of silver, or with any impurity derived by contact with foreign
matter. The Daguerreotypist has, then, two objects in view.--1st, to
get a clean surface on his plate; and 2nd, this once obtained, to keep
it so without further alteration. Although silver is classed with gold
and platinum, as one of those metals which do not tarnish or oxidize
readily on exposure to the air, yet it is now well known in practice
what a difference exists in the character of the picture brought out on
a plate recently polished and one set aside even for a few hours. It is
true that the atmosphere alone will not affect or oxidize a plate of
polished silver, but that is only true of a very dry atmosphere; for an
atmosphere which contains even a small amount of moisture in it, will
in a short time dull the surface of the plate. In this instance the
moisture is deposited first, and brings the air into closer contact with
the surface of the metal, promoting the union of the latter with the
oxygen of the air. This is exemplified every day in the case of iron,
which does not rust in dry weather, but when the air begins to deposit
its moisture it rapidly oxydizes. So is it with lead and zinc, but in
a less degree. Pure water has no effect in tarnishing the surface of a
silver plate, but if it contains even a very small quantity of animal or
vegetable matter it darkens the surface in consequence of the presence
of sulphur. The ordinary tarnish of silver is due to the fastening upon
the surface of sulfurous vapors, which are constantly floating in the
air. We are scarcely yet in possession of sufficient facts to justify the
statement that sun-light materially aids in this alteration. We do know
that oxidizement in any substance goes on much more rapidly in sunshine
than under any other circumstances. In the vegetable kingdom it is of
hourly occurrence; but the different effects of shade and shine upon the
oxidizement of plates of metal has not been minutely studied. However this
may be, after a time the silver surface does get coated with a film, of
partly sulphuret, partly oxide, and a complete layer of air, which so
closely attaches itself to the plate that water when poured on it rolls
off and does not wet the surface. It is this film, of air which mechanical
friction and bulling are so serviceable in removing. The tarnish of a
sulphuret is not so readily removed by friction as by ammonia, for the
sulphuret of silver is, to some extent, soluble in ammonia; but as the
sulphuret when present gives a yellowish brown tint to the surface, it is
only then that it is needful, and even a weak solution of commom salt or
hydrodate of potash cleans the surface much quicker.

As nitric acid is the best solvent of silver, so is it the best agent to
remove films of oxide and carbonate from the surface; it does so readily,
effectually, and leaves a clean new surface of silver, similar to a plate
newly prepared, or one which has received a new coating in the electrotype
cell. The acid, however, must be very much diluted, otherwise its local
action is so immediate as to eat down the surface of the plate faster than
it spreads, producing inequalities,--even when left long on, although
diluted, it produces roughness; hence its use has not been happy in many
hands. To such, the longer, but less failing processes of mechanical
action are to be recommended in preference.

                    *       *       *       *       *


Friend Humphrey:--

I have thought for some time past that I would furnish a few thoughts for
the _Daguerreian Journal_, under the head of _General Rumors_. A fear
of injuring the Daguerreian business, by giving an additional publicity
to my discovery, for the present has kept me from this, as well as from
furnishing several other articles.

A _very few_ persons (for the honor of humanity, I am glad the number is
small) have made statements which reflect seriously upon the integrity
and motives of myself and friends. By means of certain legal processes,
of which I am not wholly ignorant, I could do _these gentry_ more simple
justice than by dignifying them by a notice in our Journal, yet I bear
them no ill will, and _for the present_ shall act on the principle that
it is better to suffer wrong than to engage in a quarrel, especially with
men who have so little regard for the feelings and reputation of their
fellows, as to condemn, denounce, and accuse, without discrimination, and
without the slightest knowledge of facts.

The "head and front of my offending" is this--that I _have_, by dint of
unwearied pains and perseverance, succeeded in imprinting the colors of
nature, in all their inimitable glory, upon the metallic surface. The
process, when brought out, it is believed, by the best of judges, will
be an astonishment to, the world, and a delight to our nation; and I
have felt, from the first, that I am but an instrument in the hands of
the Almighty, and am therefore bound in duty, as well as by inclination,
to dispose of the secret in a way to accomplish the greatest amount of
good. In this spirit I have frequently published my unalterable resolve
that my process _shall never be monopolized, or used for the purposes of
extortion_. If I had no other reason for this course, the fact that there
are great numbers of worthy persons engaged in our art, who, like myself,
are poor, this would be sufficient. Various plans have been suggested to
me, for the best possible method of disposing of my discovery. Numerous
gentlemen of high standing, have honored me with personal intercourse and
friendly advice. I have even suffered the claims of courtesy to interfere
with my experiments, and, I believe I have the good will and confidence of
those who have honored me with their visits; but I have never swerved from
my original determination, and have given no person the slightest reason
to think otherwise.

In view of these _facts_, it is not strange that I should feel annoyed at
the various rumors to which I refer, and some of the intimations which
have been thrown out, I _feel_ are but poor pay for my having nearly,
if not quite, ruined my health, by laboring from morn till midnight for
the good of others. More especially have I been _grieved_ that _some
of my best friends, and the best friends of the fraternity_, should be
accused of having outwitted me, and drawn me into obligations to them
which would compel me to pursue a grasping course. Now, it is true that
certain gentlemen have, from the most honorable motives, made me very
liberal offers of aid, and it is also true that my mind is about settled
in regard to the parties with whom I shall act; but it is not true that I
am under obligations to give notoriety to my _business affairs_, and it is
certain that I shall not do so until I see fit. Neither is there the least
foundation for the assertion that I am committed to any person. There
confidence in me is not based on paper, but on a much surer foundation.

The process which I have been so fortunate as to discover, is _my
property_. No man on earth has any claim, upon it, and I have a perfect
right to dispose of it as I please, in case I do not interfere with the
rights of others. This, I think, is the philosophy of _Professor Morse_,
so admirably and clearly expressed in the last number of the Journal. This
distinguished man recently favored me with a visit, and, in the course
of the interview, shed much light on this subject for which I feel truly
thankful.

My intention has been, and is, to _do right_, and I believe the majority
approve of the course I have pursued thus far. The many marks of
approbation I have received from eminent men, both in this profession
and others, is truly encouraging to me in my poor health and arduous
labors, and will never be forgotten. Those who seem to possess a different
spirit, and who have apparently endeavored to hedge up my way by means
of "rumors," "new discoveries," "threats," &c., have my forgiveness, and
I trust that, in future, if they are not disposed to aid, they will do
nothing to hinder me.

The brotherhood have nobly aided me, by purchasing my book. My sales are
exceeding my most sanguine expectations, and are placing me on a footing
to make me _feel that I am free_. All may be assured that I shall not
use my freedom "as a cloak," but to serve their interests, of which both
myself and friends hope to give them _full proof_ hereafter.

Now that I have been compelled to close my doors against visitors, I would
state that I am doing my utmost to bring out my process in a short time,
and I will hereafter give, in the _Daguerreian Journal_, such notices of
my success as will meet the wishes of the public, as well as the interest
of our fraternity,

                            I am yours &c.,
                                     L. L. Hill.

  Westkill, Greene Co., N. Y.,
     _May 30, 1851._

[Hand] The foregoing letter was addressed to me privately, and as it
contains some of Mr. Hill's views in relation to the various rumors
afloat, I have thought it best to insert it for the public.

                                                         S. D. H.

                    *       *       *       *       *

We take pleasure in saying to our friends that, through the kindness of
John Johnson, Esq., of this city, we have received many of the valuable
letters and papers written by Mr. S. A. Wolcott, a former partner of the
first named gentleman. Mr. W. is well and favorably known as one of our
early and most successful investigators in the Photogenic Art. Many of
the most valuable improvements had their origin in his hands. We were
surprised to find so great an amount of information as is here presented.

Our Daguerreotypists of the present day may consider themselves fortunate,
when looking back upon the difficulties experienced by those early
engaged in putting a shadow on the silver plate. We find here many a
mystery unravelled, and set forth in a light heretofore unexplained. As
these letters, written by Mr. W. to his partner, Mr. J., (at the time
they were written) were many of them confidential, and some few contain
business matter of a foreign character, it will require some little time
to prepare them for the press in the order in which they were written. We
shall make no alteration in the manuscript, and exclude such matter only
as relates to business of a foreign character. They present a team of
investigation and research worthy the first in the scientific circle.

We would here take occasion to speak of a curious specimen of our art,
which we saw while recently spending an evening with Mr. Johnson. This
specimen is a profile view of a gentleman, and if not the _first_ likeness
from life, it is said to claim age with the oldest Daguerreotype ever
produced, and is no less interesting for its antiquity than for its size,
it being on a plate _less than one quarter of an inch square_. To produce
an impression on such a plate it would require the superior skill of the
most successful operator of the present day. The outline is distinctly
marked, the features remarkably well delineated, being in fact, one of the
most interesting curiosities we have ever witnessed. The plate is cemented
by means of Canada Balsam to a piece of plate glass about three-fourths of
an inch square, and thus it has been preserved in its present state.

We saw many other specimens of Daguerreian antiquity, but as we intend
to speak more fully of our evening visit at Mr. Johnson's, we will defer
further notice for the present.

We would here say to such as may have Mr. Walcott's letters relative to
the art, that we would consider ourselves especially favored if we could
be allowed the perusal of them.

                    *       *       *       *       *


                   =THE NATURAL COLORS IN PHOTOGRAPHY.=

The subscriber begs to request those interested in the above discovery
_not to visit him_ until further notice, which will be given in the
Daguerreian Journal. It is _absolutely essential_ that he should have his
time, and be left undisturbed. Stern necessity, arising from the fact
that I can never complete my process if disturbed as hitherto, compels me
to say both to friends and strangers, that my doors are locked, and will
continue to be until I have completed my experiments. As this notice is
given with a regard to the general good, it is presumed no offence will be
taken.

                                                               L. L. Hill.

  Westkill, Green Co., N. Y.,
      May 25, 1851.

Editors by inserting the above in their papers will confer a favor, and
save many from spending their time and money to no purpose.

                    *       *       *       *       *




                          =OUR DAGUERREOTYPES.=


Butler, of this city, is now producing fine likenesses in oil. This
gentlemen calls these pictures "Daguerreotypes in Oil." We never have seen
better likenesses transferred from a Daguerreotype, and in an economical
point of view, they are the best oil paintings that can be had.

                    *       *       *       *       *

E. Long, of St. Louis, Mo. In our last, we spoke of H. H. Long as the
gentleman who had produced likenesses of Jenny Lind. This was incorrect;
we should have said E. Long. However, they both are a _long_ ways from
taking poor Daguerreotypes.

                    *       *       *       *       *

L. M. Ives, of Boston, will please pardon us (or rather our printer) for
the mistake in the Journal in his name and locality. Mr. I. being himself
a sure operator, will certainly pardon a failure in others. We will
endeavor to do better in future.

                    *       *       *       *       *

N. E. Sissons, of Albany. This gentleman has completed an extensive
addition to his former establishment. W e find here one of the most
substantial proofs that close application and honorable dealing are
awarded by success. Mr. S. has now five rooms--one for reception, a
gallery or operating room, and three stock rooms. It is highly gratifying
to his friends to learn of his success, and we predict for him a large and
profitable business. We have ordered one of C. C. Harrison's best full
sized camera tubes, and one of W. & W. H. Lewis' camera boxes, which will
be forwarded to Mr. S., he being entitled to it from the fact that he
has obtained for us the largest list of subscribers. He is a "practical
operator."

                    *       *       *       *       *

J. D. Wells, Northampton, Mass., has recently fitted up a large
establishment in that place. Mr. W. is an old an experienced operator, and
has five rooms in his establishment, a very fine sky and side light, and
is prepared to execute such likenesses as will please the inhabitants of
that beautiful village in the valley of the Connecticut.

                    *       *       *       *       *




            =SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH BETWEEN ENGLAND AND FRANCE.=


The project of constructing a submarine telegraph between England and
France, across the Straits of Dover, first announced during the year
1349,[A] has been in part accomplished. The following description of the
laying down of the wire, we copy from an English Journal:--

[Footnote A: See Annual of Scientific Discovery, 1850, page 128.]

At one o'clock the steamer Goliath was ready to start across the Channel,
with all the necessary apparatus on board, and a crew of about thirty men.
Between the paddle-wheels, in the centre of the vessel, was a gigantic
drum, or wheel, nearly fifteen feet long and seven feet in diameter,
weighing seven tons, and fixed on a strong framework. Upon it was coiled
up, in careful, close convulsions, about thirty miles of telegraphic wire,
one-tenth of an inch in diameter, incased in a covering of gutta-percha,
the thickness of the little finger. The point proposed to be reached, Cape
Grinez, the nearest landmark to the English coast, and between Calais and
Boulogne, is a distance of twenty-one miles, so that a surplus supply of
nine miles of wire was held in reserve for the purpose of slackening.
The connecting wires were placed in readiness at the Government pier in
the harbor, and likewise at the Cape, where they run up the face of the
acclivity, which is 194 feet above the sea-mark.

Some interesting experiments were first made upon a small scale to show
the practicability of the plan. A mile of wire was paid out off the deck,
from the pier to Shakspeare's Cliff, and the sinking process was proved
to be a practicable performance. A communication was also sent through
twenty four miles of wire. On Wednesday morning the experiment of sinking
submarinely was practically commenced. The Goliath put out to the pier,
with her telegraphic tackle and apparatus on board, under a calm sea
and sky and a favoring wind. The connection between the thirty miles of
telegraphic wire was then made good to 300 yards of the same wire inclosed
in a leaden tube on shore, to prevent it being bruised by the shingle on
the beach, and to enable the experimenters, as they proceeded out to sea,
to send communications on shore. The vessel steamed out at the rate of
three or four miles an hour into the open sea, in a direct track for Cape
Grinez. The wire weighed five tons and the cylinder two. The operation of
paying out the thirty miles of wire commenced on a signal to the sailors
to "Go-ahead with the wheel, and pay out the wire," which was continuously
streamed out over a roller at the stern of the vessel, the men at every
16th of a mile being busily engaged in riveting on to the wire, square
leaden clamps, or weights of iron, from 14 lbs. to 24 lbs. in weight,
which had the effect of sinking the wire to the bottom, which, on the
English coast commences at a depth of 30 feet, and goes on varying from
that to 100 and 180 feet, which latter, or 30 fathoms, is the greatest
depth.

The whole of the casting out and sinking was accomplished with great
precision and success, owing to the favorable state of the day. The only
conjectured difficulty on the route was at a point in midchannel, called
the Ridge, between which and another inequality called the Varne, both
well known and dreaded by navigators, there is a deep submarine valley,
surrounded by shifting sands, the one being seventeen miles in length, and
the other twelve, and in their vortex, not unlike the voracious one of
Godwin Sands, ships encounter danger and lose their anchors, and trolling
nets of fishermen are frequently lost. Over this, however, the wire was
successfully submerged, below the reach, it is believed, of either ship's
anchors, sea-animals, or fishing nets. The remainder of the route, though
rougher on approaching the coast of France, was accomplished cleverly,
but slowly. A communication, dated Cape Grinez, Coast of France, half
past eight, P. M., and received at Dover by submarine telegraph, was
as follows:--"The Goliath has just arrived in safety, and the complete
connection of the under-water wire with that left at Dover this morning is
being run up the face of the cliff; complimentary interchanges are passing
between France and England, under the strait and through it, for the first
time."

Notwithstanding this apparently successful result of the work, the line
was cut asunder soon after the connection was completed on the rocks near
Cape Grinez, the physical configuration of the French coast being very
unfavorable. The precise point where the breakage took place was about two
hundred yards out to sea, just where the twenty miles of electric line
that had been laid down from Dover joins on to a leaden tube designed to
protect it from the surge beating against the beach, and which also serves
a similar purpose up the front of the cliff to the station upon the top.
The leaden conductor, it would appear, was of too soft a texture to resist
the oscillation of the sea, and thereby became detached from the coil of
gutta-percha wire that was thought to have been safely encased in it. The
occurrence was, of course, quickly detected by the sudden cessation of
the series of communications, though it was at first a perplexing point
to discover at what precise spot the wire was broken or at fault. This,
however, was done by hauling up the line at intervals, a process which
disclosed the gratifying fact, that, since its first sinking, it had
remained in situ at the bottom of the sea, inconsequence of the leaden
weights or clamps that were strung to it at every sixteenth of a mile. The
experiment, as far as it has gone, proves the possibility of the gutta
percha wire resisting the action of the salt water, of the fact of its
being a perfect waterproof insulator, and that the weights on the wire
are sufficient to prevent it being drifted away by the currents, and for
sinking it in the sands.

The work at present has been suspended, but will be resumed again during
the spring of 1851; a somewhat different plan, however, has been proposed
to be followed from that at first adopted. Instead of one slender wire,
it is intended to lay down cables inclosing four lines. These cables
will be composed of gutta-percha, four or five inches in thickness, the
whole encased in wire rope, chemically prepared, to protect it from rot,
and kyanized. There will be two of these cables, each twenty miles
long, and three miles apart, the whole weight representing 400 tons;
and it is expected, when chained down in the bottom of the sea, they
will be of sufficient consistency and strength to resist the anchor of a
120-gun ship. The expense of the cables is estimated at £40,000. It is
thought that the whole work may be accomplished by May, 1851.--_Annual of
Scientific Discovery._

                    *       *       *       *       *




          =ACTION OF SOLUTIONS OF CHLORIDES AND AIR ON MERCURY.=


We have given in previous Numbers the results of M. Mialhe's experiments
on the action of chlorides on some mercurial compounds, and he states that
he had nearly concluded his experiments when it occurred to him to try
whether mercury itself would not be acted upon by this class of substances.

Experiment, he states, confirmed his suspicions, for he found that the
solutions of the alkaline chlorides put into contact with mercury and
atmospheric air always produced bichloride of mercury, the quantity of
which was greater in proportion to the concentration of the solution of
the chloride, and the more perfect state of division of the metal, but no
effect is produced unless oxygen, that of the air being sufficient, is
present.

_1st Experiment._--Mercury treated with the solution of alkaline chlorides
(described in our last Number as the assay liquor ), gave by stove heat
0·4 part of sublimate.

_2nd Experiment._--The above repeated with the mercury finely divided by
mucilage, yielded 0·7 part of sublimate.

The researches already detailed sufficiently prove, in the opinion of M.
Mialhe, that the decomposing power of the alkaline chlorides is great, but
they do not teach us anything as to their relative energy. The following
experiments will supply this deficiency.

_Hydrochlorate of Ammonia._--One hundred and twenty parts of hydrochlorate
of ammonia and 30 parts of calomel were placed in an open bottle containg
1000 parts of distilled water, the temperature of which was gradually
raised to 122° Fahr., and kept for half an hour; the sublimate produced
amounted to 0·9 of a part.

The experiment repeated with the following salts gave the annexed
quantities of sublimate:--

  Chloride of Sodium,    0·4 of a part.
  Chloride of Barium,    0·4    "
  Chloride of Potassium, 0·3    "

It results from these experiments that the hydrochlorate of ammonia is the
most powerful of these four salts.

In concluding his experiments, M. Mialhe remarks that the reactions which
he has pointed out take place at common temperatures, but better at
the temperature of the human body. All of them are produced in a short
time, and some occur instantaneously, the greater part requiring only a
few hours' contact for action. As then the different fluids contained
in the human body contain oxygen, chloride of sodium, and hydrochlorate
of ammonia, accompanied or not with hydrochloric and other acids which
may facilitate their action, it follows that all the chemical phenomena
produced under the circumstances described, occur in the human body when
any mercurial preparation whatever is introduced into it; these always
produce a certain quantity of corrosive sublimate in which their medicinal
properties reside; and this fact explains, in the opinion of M. Mialhe,
the hitherto unexplained physiological action and therapeutic properties
of metallic mercury when introduced into the animal economy.--_Ann. de
Chim. et de Phys._, Juin 1842.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                       =THE HEAT OF COMBINATIONS.=

Every molecular change in the condition of matter is almost invariably
connected with the evolution or absorption of heat, and the quantity of
heat thus set free or absorbed bears always a definite relation to the
amount of the mechanical or chemical action. To ascertain this relation
has been the object of my investigations, and the following are a few
of my principal results. 1. The solution of a salt in water is always
accompanied by an absorption of heat. 2. If equal weights of the same salt
be dissolved in succession in the same liquid, the heat absorbed will be
less on each new addition of salt. 3. The heat absorbed by the solution of
a salt in water holding other salts dissolved is generally less than that
absorbed by its solution in water. 4. The heat absorbed by the solution of
a salt in the dilute mineral acids is generally greater than that absorbed
by its solution in water. In reference to the combination of acids and
bases, the heat developed during the union is determined by the base, and
not by the acid. An equivalent of the same base combined with different
acids produces nearly the same quantity of heat. When a neutral salt is
converted into an acid salt by combining with one or more equivalents of
acids, no disengagement of heat occurs. When a double salt is formed by
the union of two neutral salts, the same is the case, but when a neutral
salt is converted into a basic salt, there is a disengagement of heat.
When solutions of two neutral salts are mixed, and a precipitate formed
from their mutual decomposition, there is always a disengagement of
heat, which, though small, is perfectly definite in amount. The diamond
disengages 7,824 units of heat during its combustion in oxygen gas, in the
form of graphite, 7,778 units, and in that of wood charcoal, 8,080.--Dr.
Andrews before the British Association at Birmingham.

                    *       *       *       *       *

[The following papers have been furnished us by Mr. Pirsson, one of the
former editors of the Eureka, they having been previously published in
that Journal; for the cuts, which will appear in our next number, we are
indebted to Mr. Starr, one of the present editors of the _Farmer and
Mechanic_, and formerly publisher of the _Eureka_.]

                    *       *       *       *       *




                             =DAGUERREOTYPE.=

                             BY JOHN JOHNSON.


As a general thing, however perfect any invention may be deemed by the
inventor or discoverer, it falls to the lot of most, to be the subject of
improvement and advancement, and especially is this the case with those
new projects in science which open an untrodden field to the view of the
artizan. Such has been in an eminent degree, the case with the discovery
first announced to the world by Mons. Jean Jacques Claude Daguerre,
of Paris, in the year 1839, and which excited unbounded astonishment,
curiosity and surprise. It may be questioned had any other than Daguerre
himself discovered a like beautiful combination, whether the world would
have been favored with details exhibiting so much care, patience and
perseverance as the Daguerreotype on its introduction. Shortly after
these details reached the United States, by Professor S. F. B. Morse, of
New York, who was, at the time of the discovery, residing in Paris. By
this announcement, the whole scientific corps was set in operation, many
repeating the experiments, following carefully the directions pointed
out by Daguerre, as being necessary to success. Among the number in the
United States, was Alexander S. Wolcott (since deceased) and myself, both
of this city. On the morning of the 6th day of October, 1839, I took to
A. Wolcott's residence, a full description of Daguerre's discovery, he
being at the time engaged in the department of Mechanical Dentistry, on
some work requiring his immediate attention, the work being promised
at 2 P. M., that day; having, therefore, no opportunity to read the
description for himself, (a thing he was accustomed to do at all times,
when investigating any subject,) I read to him the paper, and proposed
to him that if he would plan a camera, (a matter he was fully acquainted
with, both theoretically and practically) I would obtain the materials as
specified by Daguerre. This being agreed to, I departed for the purpose,
and on my return to his shop, he handed me the sketch of a camera box,
without at all explaining in what manner the lens was to be mounted. This
I also undertook to procure. After 2 P. M., he had more leisure, when he
proceeded to complete the camera, introducing for that purpose a reflector
in the back of the box, and also to affix a plate holder on the inside,
with a slide to obtain the focus of the plate, prepared after the manner
of Daguerre. While Mr. Wolcott was engaged with the camera, I busied
myself in polishing the silver plate, or rather silver plated copper, but
ere reaching the end preparatory to iodizing, I found I had nearly or
quite removed the silver surface from off the plate, and that being the
best piece of silver plated copper to be found, the first remedy at hand
that suggested itself, was a burnisher, and a few strips were quickly
burnished and polished. Meantime, the camera being finished, Mr. Wolcott,
after reading for himself Daguerre's method of iodizing, prepared two
plates, and placing them in the camera, guessed at the required time they
should remain exposed to the action of the light; after mercurializing
each in turn, and removing the iodized surface with a solution of common
salt, two successful impressions were obtained, each unlike the other!
Considerable surprise was excited by this result, for each plate was
managed precisely like the other. On referring to Daguerre, no explanation
was found for this strange result; time, however, revealed to us that one
picture was positive, and the other negative. On this subject I shall
have much to say during the progress of the work. Investigating the cause
of this difference occupied the remainder of that day, However, another
attempt was agreed upon, and the instruments, plates, &c., prepared and
taken up into an attic room, in a position most favorable for light.
Having duly arranged the camera, I sat for five minutes, and the result
was a profile miniature, (a miniature in reality,) on a plate not quite
three-eighths of an inch square. Thus, with much deliberation and study,
passed the first day in Daguerreotype--little dreaming or knowing into
what a labyrinth such a beginning was hastening us.

(_To be continued._)

                    *       *       *       *       *




                   =GALVANIZING DAGUERREOTYPE PLATES.=


The Battery. The best way is to purchase a good Daniel's Battery. Price $2
00. To be had at any of the dealers.

For the benefit of those who cannot procure one, I would give the
following directions for making one: Procure a copper cup, (sheet copper)
6 inches high, and 4 inches in diameter; also a cup of porous earthenware,
(a small unglazed flower pot answers,) or a leather cup made water tight
by sewing, or even a cylinder of porous wood, (say maple or ash,) 3 inches
diameter, and about 6 inches high. This is to stand in the centre of the
copper cup. Now, procure a solid cylinder of zinc, 6 inches high and 1
inch diameter. This is to stand in the centre of the porous cup. Fastened
to the upper end of the zinc cylinder there should be a copper wire,
pretty thick. It should be held by a screw, or soldered on, and previous
to the fastening, both the wire and zinc should be made clean and bright,
that there may be a perfect connection. A similar wire is to be fastened,
in the same way, to the upper rim of the copper cup. Let these wires be
about 6 inches long. To the end of the one coming from the copper fasten a
plate of pure silver, about as large as a quarter plate, unless you wish
to galvanize whole plates, in which case the silver plate must be larger,
say, the size of a half plate. For small plates a silver dollar, enlarged
to twice its size by hammering, will answer, but is not so good. To
hammer it, it must be first heated, red hot, and allowed to cool slowly.
This plate is to be immersed in the silver solution, described below, near
the side of the solution jar. The other wire must be bent at the end like
a hook, to receive the catch. This catch may be a piece of copper wire
about 4 inches long, hooked at one end, and having several turns at the
other end, to strengthen it. Between these turns the Daguerreotype plate,
well polished, is inserted, as in a sort of jaw. The wire holding the
catch should be so bent that the Daguerreotype plate will stand from one
to three inches from, and face the annode, or silver plate.

Let the silver solution be well stirred, just before immersing a plate;
then, blowing away the froth and scum, immediately dip the plate, and hang
it on the wire. Let it remain until it takes on a deep blue color, take
it out, grasp it with the plyers, rinse it freely with clean water, and
dry it carefully with a spirit lamp. Buff again to a polish, galvanize to
a light blue, rinse, dry, and buff again, and it is ready for the coating
box.

_Silver Solution._ Dissolve in 1 quart of soft water, half a pound of
_Cyanide of Potash_. In this dissolve the _Chloride of Silver_ procurable
from a silver dollar. Filter, through paper, or clean sponge, and it is
ready for use, excepting that it will probably have to be reduced with
water. It should be reduced till it works mellow, and free from streaks.
The occasional addition of a lump of cyanide will prevent a flowery
deposite of oxyde of silver. Occasionally, also, add a little chloride
of silver, and more cyanide. The cyanide should always be in excess. The
reason why this should be occasionally added, is that the solution becomes
too strong, with the silver, from the annode. The connections must be kept
bright, with a file or otherwise.

The manner of charging the above battery is as follows: Nearly fill the
porous cup with water, and stir in about a tea-spoonful of sulphuric acid.
Two or three drops of acid added once a week is enough. The copper cup
should be filled with a saturated solution of sulphate of copper, (blue
vitriol,) and the solution kept saturated by suspending in it a little
sack of the blue vitriol.

[Hand] The zinc cylinder, previous to use, should be amalgamated, as
follows: Place it in a plate, and brighten it by rubbing it with a swab,
wet with dilute sulphuric acid. Then with the same swab, rub on mercury,
until the whole surface is bright.

Chloride of Silver. Dissolve a silver dollar in about a gill of a mixture
of nitric acid and water, equal parts, by the aid of a gentle heat. Let it
cool. Throw it into an earthen or glass vessel, containing about 1 quart
of strong salt water. Let the precipitate settle. Pour away the liquid,
add a large quantity of water, let the chloride of silver settle, pour
away the water, and repeat this at least fifty times. The residue is pure
chloride of silver.

Any glass or earthen cup, of suitable shape and dimensions, will answer
for a solution dish.

It should be remembered that a strong battery, and a strong solution
require the plate to be kept at a greater distance from the annode. This
distance will range from one to three inches.--_Hill's Treatise._

                    *       *       *       *       *




                       =ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.=


Notice.--Those persons subscribing for this Journal will please bear
in mind to write in a plain hand the name, town, county, and state. By
observing the above you will save us much trouble, and, at the same time,
receive the Journal with more promptness.

G. K. W., Mass.--We have been unable to prepare the chemicals you ordered.
Our arrangements are somewhat extensive in the department referred to.

M. S. W., Ala.--Mr. W. says, "Will you inform me, through your Journal or
otherwise, Is iodine entirely lost when it combines with a few drops of a
solution of potassa!"

It is not. The following experiment will better illustrate:--Put a few
grains of iodine into a clean and dry Florence flask, warm it gradually
over a spirit lamp, and the iodine rises in a vapor of beautiful violet
color. When cool, pour in "a few drops of a solution of potassa," the
iodine disappears at once, and a solution of iodide of potassium is
formed; this may be heated to redness without evolving any violet fumes,
and yet it is certain that iodine is there, but not in a free but a
combined state, and heat cannot expel it from combination with the
potassium. Let the flask cool a little, and add a few drops of sulphuric
acid; the violet fumes of iodine instantly appear; the sulphuric acid has
induced the formation of sulphate of potassa, and expelled the iodine
unchanged.

F. B. B., Ky.--Your money is received, and the first Vol. forwarded per
order. Thank you for your hearty congratulations.

J. G. P. R. I.--Yours of the 26th in hand. We advise you for the present
to say nothing of your discovery: it probably has more valuable importance
than you are at present aware of.

                    *       *       *       *       *



                             =ADVERTISEMENTS=


                    *       *       *       *       *

                         =NOTICE TO ADVERTISERS.=

As our Advertising List is already large, and the demand rapidly
increasing, we are under the necessity of requesting those who wish to be
made known through our Advertising Columns, to make their Advertisements
as short as possible. The Daguerreian Journal is devoted to the interest
of all.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                          =DAGUERREIAN LIBRARY.=

All of the works published on the Daguerreian Art, for sale at the Office
of the Daguerreian Journal.

                  Address (_post-paid_) S. D. Humphrey,

                       No. 311 Broadway, New York.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                          =DAGUERREOTYPE WORK,=

PHOTOGRAPHIC RESEARCHES AND Manipulations, including the Author's former
Treatises on Daguerreotypes,

                              By L. L. HILL.

The above work is now ready, price $3 per copy.

Orders addressed to S. D. Humphrey,

                                         No. 311 Broadway, N. Y.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                                =WANTED.=

A SITUATION by an experienced Operator. One who can come well recommended,
and has been engaged in the Daguerreotype business for the last eight
years. Has no objection to any city in the United States.

For further information inquire at the Office of the Daguerreian Journal.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                                =WANTED.=

                                    TO

                   =DAGUERREOTYPISTS OF PHILADELPHIA.=

WANTED--A situation, by an old and experienced Operator, to engage in some
establishment in the above named city. The Advertiser can produce the best
of Testimonials, and satisfactory specimens of Daguerreotypes.

For further information, inquire at the office of the Daguerreian Journal.

None need apply unless prepared to give a permanent situation to a good
operator.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                       =SCOVILL MANUFACTURING CO.,=

                  =DEALERS IN DAGUERREOTYPE MATERIALS,=

                         =WHOLESALE AND RETAIL,=

                      No. 57 Maiden Lane, New York,

Agents for Voightlander & Sons, and C. C. Harrison's celebrated Cameras;
Harrison's, Brinckerhoff's, and Lewis' Buffing-Wheels.

The Scovill Manufacturing Co. are now prepared to offer to the public,
cases of their own manufacture, which, for style, workmanship and superior
finish, are not excelled by any in the market, and it is their intention
to put them at prices which cannot fail to satisfy both the dealer and
operator.

They think it quite unnecessary to enumerate all the articles which they
may have on hand for sale, but simply to state that they are prepared to
furnish every description of Daguerreotype Goods of the best quality at
low prices, and to fill all orders with promptness and dispatch.

May 15_th_, 1851.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                              =MYRON SHEW,=

            =DEALER IN DAGUERREOTYPE APPARATUS AND MATERIALS,=

                         =WHOLESALE AND RETAIL,=

               _No. 118 Chestnut street, Philadelphia, Pa._

German and American Cameras of all sizes and of the best manufacture,
Coating Boxes, Camera Stands, Mercury Baths, Buffing Vices, Head Rests,
Plates, Cases, Chemicals, Frames, Gold and Gilt Lockets, Fancy Book Cases,
Papier-Mache Cases, Preservers, Mats, Glass, and all articles used in the
Art constantly on hand in great variety at the lowest prices.

Mr. S. having had a number of years practical experience in the
Daguerreian Art, feels confident that he is prepared to give satisfaction
to his customers in the selection of articles used in the business.

This being the only establishment in Philadelphia devoted exclusively to
Daguerreotype materials. Artists will find it to their interest to call at
once where they are sure of finding every article used in the Art.

Orders from the country promptly and faithfully attended to.

                    *       *       *       *       *

=WANTED.=--A Partner wanted in the Daguerreotype business. Any person who
is a first-rate practical operator, and can command from five hundred
to a thousand dollars, can now have one of the best opportunities of
investing his capital in one of the best locations in a western city.

The establishment is now doing a very profitable business, and is capable
of increasing to such an extent as to warrant the success necessary to
induce a partner.

No one need apply unless he has the Cash Capital.

For further information inquire at the Office of the Daguerreian Journal.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                         =CHEMICAL, LABORATORY.=

DR. ANTISELL has Removed his Chemical Laboratory to 63 Franklin St., where
he is prepared to undertake chemical analysis and examinations into the
purity of materials.

Dr. A. will also take charge of any series of experiments to elucidate
particular subjects.

Assays, analyses of ores, minerals, soils, and mineral water, made with
correctness and despatch. May 1, 1851.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                              =$10 REWARD.=

A LARGE SIZED (plate, 11 by 13 inches) Daguerreotype has been recently
stolen from my door, supposed to have been taken by some person about
visiting Europe. Said Daguerreotype was a large sized head, and is a
likeness of myself.

Any person returning said picture, and the large gilt frame that contained
it, shall receive the above reward.

                             J. Gurney,

                          No. 189 Broadway, N. Y.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                                =REMOVAL.=

                              =MYRON SHEW,=

                               =DEALER IN=

                        =DAGUERREOTYPE MATERIALS,=

                 =No. 118 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.=

MR. SHEW would respectfully inform his friends and customers that he has
removed his place of business from his old stand. No. 116, to 118 Chestnut
street, two doors from his former place, where he has made a permanent
location, and, having greater facilities, will be better able to meet
the increasing demands of his business. No pains will be spared in the
selection of articles used by Daguerreian Artists, and every effort used
to give satisfaction to his customers. A good supply of all articles
used in the business constantly on hand, comprising German and American
Cameras, of all sizes, Camera Stands, Coating Boxes, Mercury Baths, Head
Rests, Buffing Vices, Gilding Stands, Lamps, Plates, Cases, Frames, Gold
and Gilt Lockets, a variety of Fancy Cases, &c., &c.

Mr. S. would take this opportunity of returning his sincere thanks for
former patronage, and solicits a continuance of the same. All orders
either from the city or country, promptly and faithfully attended to.

                                                  MYRON SHEW.

  _Philadelphia, June 1st, 1851._

                    *       *       *       *       *

                             =DAGUERREOTYPE.=

                              =JOHN SAWYER,=

Successor to WILLIAM SHEW, dealer in Daguerreotype Apparatus and
Materials, wholesale and retail. Also, manufacturer of Cases.

No. 123 Washington Street, Boston, Mass.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                              =LOUIS BECKER=

Well known CHEMICALS, for sale at Becker & Piards, No. 201 Broadway, N. Y.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                     =CLEVELAND DAGUERREOTYPE STOCK=

                                 =DEPOT,=

                           =JOHNSON & FELLOWS,=

                      =SUPERIOR ST., CLEVELAND, O.,=

Keep a large and well selected assortment of Daguerreotype Goods on hand,
and for sale at the lowest New York prices.

We respectfully call the attention of operators to our assortment of
goods, which we warrant genuine.

Every exertion will be made to keep the best, latest and cheapest goods on
hand.

Our assortment consists of every variety of Cameras, Plates, Cases,
Chemicals, Polishing Materials, Apparatus, Fixtures, Frames, Sockets, &c.,
&c.

Instructions in the Art are carefully given.

                                                    Chas. E. Johnson,
                                                    Parker Fellows.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                                =NEW YORK=

                             =DAGUERREOTYPE=

                          =STOCK ESTABLISHMENT.=

The undersigned would call the attention of Daguerreotypists and the trade
to the recent improvements in their manufacture of plates, which, by a new
method of finishing, enables them to present an article possessing a finer
and softer surface, and requiring much less polishing than formerly. The
edges of all are neatly bent.

Owing to greater facilities in manufacturing, the prices have been
reduced, so as to bring them at about the same cost as the best imported
brands.

They have constantly on hand a large assortment of

              Plates,
                 Cases,
                     Frames,
                         Mattings,
                             Preservers,
                                 Lockets,
                                     Chemicals,

and Apparatus of every style and variety which they offer at the lowest
prices.

Agents for Voightlander's, Harrison's and other Cameras; Harrison's new
Buffing Wheel, &c., &c.

                                           Scovill Manufacturing Co.,

                                         No. 57 Maiden Lane, New York.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                            =BENJAMIN FRENCH,=

                   _No. 109 Washington Street, Boston._

DAGUERREOTYPE Apparatus, Plates, Cases, Frames, Gold Lockets, Polishing
materials, Chemicals, and every description of Goods used in the
Daguerreotype business, constancy on hand and for sale, at wholesale and
retail, at the lowest cash prices.

                                                                       3tf

                    *       *       *       *       *

                               =$5 REWARD.=

STOLEN from the door of Clark Brothers, 551 Broadway, one full size
Daguerreotype View, in papier mache frame, oval fire gilt mat. Said View
of a GOTHIC COTTAGE, on the steps of which can be seen a lady, two or
three boys and a dog, Any person returning the above described Picture, or
giving information where it may be found, shall receive the above reward
Oct 16.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                           =TWO NEW INVENTIONS=

                       =IN THE DAGUERREOTYPE ART.=

"PECK'S PATENT PLATE HOLDER," and the "_Bent Edge Daguerreotype Plate_"
used in connection with it. An instrument is sold for seventy-five
cents, with which every operator can bend his own plates. The holder is
a desideratum, and only requires to be used to be appreciated. It is
so constructed that it will hold the plate through all the stages of
cleaning, buffing, polishing, coating, taking the picture in the camera,
and mercurializing without any change. During the whole process, the plate
need not be touched with the fingers, and does away with the use of wax,
&c., &c.

  The prices for the holders are mediums, $1 00--quarters, $1 50--Halves,
    $2 00--whole size, $2 50.

The "_Magic Back Ground_." The discovery of this is due Mr. C. J. Anthony,
of Pittsburgh, Pa. By this process the most beautiful effects can be
produced, and the pictures are set forth in bold relief on back grounds of
various shapes and tints. Pictures taken with the "_Magic Back Ground_,"
will be emphatically the "_Pictures for the Million_." The Patent is
applied for, and the right ratified upon the receipt of the Patent, for
the sum of Twenty-Five Dollars.

                    L. CHAPMAN, 102 William St., N. Y.

Manufacturer of Cases, Mats, Preservers, Plates, Importer of the genuine
Star Brand, No. 40 French Plates, and dealer in Daguerreotype stock
generally.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                    =CLARK BROTHERS, & B. L. HIGGINS.=

Daguerreian Gallery, over the "Regulator," Franklin Buildings, Syracuse,
N. Y., No. 128 Genesee St., Utica, Tremont Row Boston, and 551 Broadway,
New York.

Likenesses by the improved Daguerreotype of various sizes, and of the most
delicate executions may be obtained at the above rooms during the day,
from 8 A M., to 5 P. M.

Chemicals, Plate, Cases, Cameras, Apparatus, and other materials,
connected with the art, constantly on hand, and for sale at New York
prices.

All articles are selected with great care and warranted to give the best
satisfaction.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                       =DAGUERREIAN ESTABLISHMENT.=

  JOHN ROACH, Optician, 79 Nassau Street, New York. Has always on hand

  VOIGHTLANDER INSTRUMENTS, quarter, half, and whole size.

  American Instruments, Roach's make, warranted to be superior to any
     yet made in the United States. They work with sharpness, and
     quickness, and persons purchasing can test them with the high
     priced German Instruments.

  Coating Boxes, Flint Glass Jars, cemented in, and ground air tight.

  Mercury Baths, with Thermometer Scale in front.

  Head Rests, Stands, Cases, Chemicals, &c.

  Plates, French 40th of the Star, and other first quality Brands.

  Bromine Roach's Triple Compound, now called Quick-stuff, works with
     certainty and quickness, in all weather, and pictures taken with
     it have a rich white tone.

                         GALVANIC BATTERIES, &c.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                               =CINCINNATI=

                   =DAGUERREOTYPE STOCK ESTABLISHMENT.=

The undersigned would call the attention of those washing Daguerreotype
goods, to his large and general assortment of all articles appertaining to
the Daguerreian arts. The following named articles comprise only a few,
compared with the great variety of his stock.

_Cameras_--"_Voightlander and Sohn's_" German Cameras.

C. C. Harrison's Quarter, Halves, Wholes, Mammoth, View, and Quick Working
Cameras! Also a general assortment from other manufacturers.

Complete sets of Apparatus--such as Coating Boxes, Mercury Baths, Plate
Holders, Buffs, Buff Wheel, Peck's and Scovill's Patent Blocks, Lewis' new
Iron Rests, Iron and Chair Head Rests, Gilding Stands.

Cases--Papier-Mache inlaid with Mother of Pearl, Velvet in and out with
Clasps and Locks, Morocco lined with Velvet, Silk and Satin, Plain and
Gilt, also a great variety of fancy patterns.

Plates of all sizes--Scovill's, French, 40th of the Star, and other first
quality Brands.

Chemicals--American, German and French Bromine, Dry and Chloride of
Iodine, Hydroflouric Acid, Cyanide of Potassium, Pure Distilled Mercury,
a superior article of Chloride of Gold for Gilding, Hyposulphite of Gold,
Chloride of Calcium, Colors, Rotten Stone, Rouge, an excellent article.

Lamps, Nippers, Glass Funnels, Glass Graduates, Prepared Buckskins,
Brushes, &c., &c.

All of the above articles are of the first quality, and will be furnished
at reasonable rates.

Orders punctually attended to and satisfaction given.

                               PETER SMITH,

                  No. 36 Fifth street, Cincinnati, Ohio.

                    *       *       *       *       *


                             =DAGUERREOTYPE=

                          =STOCK ESTABLISHMENT.=

THE SUBSCRIBER, would respectfully inform the Daguerreian Artists, that
he has constantly on hand a large assortment of Daguerreotype apparatus,
plates, cases, and chemicals, comprising in part the following:

Voightlander & Sons, Harrison's, Lewis and Perry's Cameras and other
apparatus of the most approved styles.

Plates--Scovill's, Chapman's and the different brands of French plates.

Cases--Silk and velvet lined, Papier Mache and a great variety of fancy
cases.

Chemicals--American, German and French Bromine, chloride of iodine, do
gold, calcium, mercury, rouge, rotten stone, black polish, colours,
brushes, rosewood and Papier mache, frames, mats, glass preservers,
prepared buck skin, &c., &c. Every article used in the business, which
I will furnish to operators at retail or wholesale, as low as the same
quality of articles can be bought in New York or elsewhere.

Our motto is small profits and quick sales.

                                              N. E. SISSON.

  No. 496 Broadway, Albany N. Y.
                                                                       1tf

                    *       *       *       *       *

                             =LEVI CHAPMAN,=

No. 102 William street, New-York, Manufacturer of, and Dealer in
Daguerreotype Stock.

                          =Daguerreotype Cases.=

  Medium size, from $15 to $198 per gross,
  Quarter  "     "   24 to  288     "
  Half     "     "   60 to  432     "

MATS, PRESERVERS and CHEMICALS of all kinds. French and American PLATES.

L. C. imports the genuine No. 40 Star Brand French Plate, which he keeps
constantly on hand, together with an assortment of other kinds.

PAPIER MACHE CASES, inlaid with Mother of Pearl, exceeding in beauty any
thing of the kind heretofore made, from 90 to $1152 per gross.

L. C. is also proprietor of Peck's patent moveable Plate-holder.

      GEORGE DABBS, } Travelling Agents.
      JAMES CREMER, }

                    *       *       *       *       *

              =PREMIUM DAGUERREOTYPE DEPOT AND MANUFACTORY,=

W. & W. H. LEWIS, 142 Chatham Street, New York, keep constantly on hand,
superior CAMERAS of all sizes; also, _quick working_ Cameras, fully equal
to any imported. All kinds of Apparatus, including our Patent PLATE VICES
and GILDING STANDS; Galvanic Batteries for Electrotyping, for durability
superior to all others. Buffing Lathes, on the most approved plan, Plates,
Cases, Chemicals, Polishing Materials of every description. All kinds of
Walnut, Rosewood and Gilt Frames for Daguerreotypes, outside Show Frames,
Diploma, Certificate and Picture Frames made to order. Pressing Machines,
for Straw and Leghorn Plats, of improved construction.

                                                                       1tf

                    *       *       *       *       *

                    =DAGUERREOTYPE FURBISHING ROOMS.=

                             =WM. A. WISONG,=

                 No. 2 N. Liberty Street, Baltimore, Md.

HAS CONSTANTLY ON HAND, a full and general assortment of Stock, for
Daguerreotype use.

Embracing every variety of Cameras, Plates, Cases, Fixtures, Trays,
Chemicals, and Materials used by Daguerreian Artists, all of which are
offered at the lowest market rates.

Orders from Artists are respectfully solicited and forwarded with dispatch.

                                                                         2

                    *       *       *       *       *

                     =Circular to Daguerreotypists.=

GEORGE DABBS & JAMES CREMER, Travelling Agents for L. Chapman, 102 William
street, New York, manufacturer of Daguerreotype cases, mats, preservers,
and plates, and importer of the genuine Star brand, No. 40, French plate,
and last, though of first importance, proprietor of "Peck's patent plate
holder,"--the great desideratum which only requires to be used to be
appreciated. Prices, $1,00 for medium; $1,50 for quarters; $2,00 for
halt's and $2,50 for whole size holders--a vice to hold the blocks $1,50
and an instrument for bending the plates 75 cents. They would inform
Daguerreotypists and dealers that they will wait upon as many during the
winter, as their time will permit, for the purpose of exhibiting the
patent Plate Holder, for a description of which see advertisement headed
"Two New Inventions".

                                                                       1tf
  New York, November 1, 1850.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                     =INSLEY'S DAGUERREOTYPE GALLERY=

                                REMOVED TO

                         No. 311 BROADWAY, N. Y.

               (_Between Stewart's and the City Hospital._)

THIS, our new Sky-light Gallery, is located on the second floor at the
above number, and is universally acknowledged to be the most convenient
and effective Gallery in the City. Every real improvement is taken
advantage of, and, aided by scientific and gentlemanly assistants, we
trust our pictures cannot be excelled.

The Clergy--the Statesman--the Artist--the Man of science--and all lovers
of really good Daguerreotypes, throughout the United States, are invited
lo call and examine our collection.

P. S.--This Gallery was for several years located on the corner of Cedar
street, but is now removed to No. 311 Broadway.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                                =CAMERAS.=

C. C. HARRISON, Manufacturer of Cameras, and Camera Lenses, of all sizes
and of the latest improvements. Office 293 Broadway, New York, where in
his Gallery may be seen specimens of Daguerreotypes taken with instruments
of his own manufacture, which for accuracy of performance are unsurpassed
by any in the world.

N. B. A new and improved Camera for taking views, is manufactured by him,
at a price unprecedentedly low.

                                                   C. C. HARRISON,

  No. 293 Broadway, N. Y.
                                                                       2tf

                    *       *       *       *       *

                         =DAGUERREOTYPE PLATES.=

2000 LOUIS L. BISHOP'S superior PLATES, offered for sale at a great
bargain, by

VICTOR BISHOP, 23 Maiden Lane. N. B. These Plates are silvered by the
electro-magnetic process, and warranted superior to the best French plates.

                                                                       1tf

                    *       *       *       *       *

                               =ENGRAVING=

THE SUBSCRIBER still continues to carry on the business of ENGRAVING ON
WOOD, in all its branches. His facilities are such that he is enabled to
execute all orders promptly, and in every style of the Art, upon the most
reasonable terms; while the experience of many years enables him to feel
confidence in his efforts to give satisfaction to all who may favor him
with their patronage.

_Particular attention_ paid to the Drawing and Engraving of Subjects from
Daguerreotypes.

                                                           N. ORR,

  No. 151 Fulton-st. N. Y.
                                                                       2tf

                    *       *       *       *       *

                         =BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.=

WILLIAM S. DORR, 101 Nassau Street, over Ackerman & Miller's Sign and
Banner Painting Establishment, is prepared to print, in the best style,
and at the usual Low Prices, Books, Periodicals, Newspapers, Pamphlets,
Bill Heads, Circulars, Commercial and Law Blanks, Bills of Lading, Bank
Checks, Notices, Labels, &c. Cards printed on the celebrated Yankee Press.

Few offices in the city have greater facilities for doing work with
neatness and despatch, as most of the materials are new, and long editions
are done by steam power presses.

[Hand] Daguerreian Journal Print.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                     =DAGUERREIAN ARTISTS' REGISTER.=

  Appleby, R. B., 14 Arcade, Rochester, N. Y.
  Anthony, J. B., Poplar Grove, S. C.
  Adams, George, Worcester, Mass.

  Brady, Matthew B., No. 205 Broadway, N. Y.
  Burges, Nathan G., No. 187 Broadway, New York.
  Baker, F. S., Baltimore, Md.
  Broadbent, Samuel, 138 Chestnut st. Philadelphia.
  Barnes, C., Mobile, Ala.
  Bowmau, Isrial, Berling, Canada.
  Benson, W., Boonville, Mo.
  Bailey, Thomas, Ives, Columbia, Maury Co., Tenn.
  Bartlet, No. 102½ Main street, Boston, Mass.
  Bogardus, A., No. 217 Greenwich street, N. Y.
  Brown, F. A., Museum Building, Manchester, N. H.
  Brown, H. S., Milwaukie, Wis.
  Buxton, John, St. Catharine street, Montreal, Canada.
  Bradlee, J. E., Boston, Mass.
  Buell, E. M., Pittsfield, Mass.
  Bowman, J. A., Berlin, Waterloo County, Canada West.
  Bisbee, A., Dayton, Ohio.
  Bowen, N. O., Norwich, Conn.
  Beckers & Piard, 201 Broadway. N. Y.
  Brown, James, 181 Broadway, N. Y.

  Campbell, B. F., Corner Hanover and Union streets, Boston, Mass.
  Collins, David, Chesnut Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
  Cooley, O. H., Springfield, Mass.
  Clark Brothers, No. 551 Broadway, N. Y., 128 Genesee Street, Utica,
    Franklin Building, Syracuse, New York, and Tremont Row, Boston, Mass.
  Cook, George S., Charleston, S. C.
  Coombs, F., San Francisco, Cal.
  Cary, P. M., Savannah, Ga.
  Chuchill, R. E., 55, State Street, Albany, N. Y.
  Chase, L. G., Boston, Mass.

  Dodge, E. S., Augusta, Ga.
  Davie, D. D. T., Utica, N. Y.
  Dobyns, T. J., New Orleans, La., and Louisville, Ky.
  Done, T. C., No. 2, Place d'Armes, Montreal, Canada.
  Durang. W. H., No. 303 Broadway, N. Y.

  Ellicott, E., Main Street, Chester C. H., S. C.
  Evans, O. B., Main Street, Buffalo, New York.
  Evens, Chas., No. 380 Market street, Philadelphia, Pa.
  Ennis, T. J., 106 Chestnut street, Philadelphia, Pa.

  Finley, M., Canandaigua, Ontario Co., N. Y.
  Finley, A. C., Jerseyville, Ill.
  Fitzgibbon, J. H., St. Louis, Mo.
  Faris, Thomas, Corner Fourth and Walnut Street Cincinnati, Ohio.

  Gurney, Jeremiah, No. 189 Broadway. N. Y.
  Gavit, Daniel E., 247 Broadway, N. Y.
  Gay, C. H., New London, Ct.
  Geer & Benedict, Syracuse, N. Y.
  Gatewood, E. H., Boonville, Mo.

  Holcomb, J. G., Augusta, Me.
  Howell, W. B., Lexington, Mo.
  Hill, R. H., Kingston, Ulster Co., N. Y.
  Haas, Philip, No, 289 Broadway, N. Y.
  Hall, W. H., Rouse's Point, Clinton Co., N. Y.
  Harrison. C. C., 293 Broadway, N. Y.
  Hill, L. L., Westkill, Green Co., N. Y.
  Hale, J. W., Newark, N. J.
  Hough & Anthony, Pittsburg, Alleghany Co., Pa.
  Hale, L. H., 109 Washington street, Boston, Mass.
  Hawkins, E. C., Corner of Fifth and Walnut Street, Cincinnati, Ohio.

  Insley, Henry E, 311 Broadway, N. Y.
  Ives, L. M., No. 142 Washington street, Boston, Mass.

  Johnson, Charles E., Cleveland, Ohio.
  Jacobs, E., 73 Camp St, New Orleans, La.
  Johnston, D. B., Utica, N. Y.
  Johnson, George H., Sacramento, Cal.

  Kelsey, C. C., Chicago, Ill.
  Knight, W. M. Racine, Wis.

  Lawrence, Martin M., No. 203 Broadway, N. Y.
  Lewis, W. and W. H., No. 142 Chatham Street, New York.
  Litch & Graniss, Waterbury, Ct.
  Long, H. H., St. Louis, Mo.
  Long, E., St. Louis, Mo.
  L'homdieu, Charles, Charleston, S. C.

  Martin, J. E., Detroit, Mich.
  Marks, H. R., Baltimore street, Baltimore, Md.
  Mayall, J. E., No. 433 West Strand, London, England.
  Merrick, Dr. G. W., Adrian, Mich.
  Moissenet, F., New Orleans, La.
  Moulthroup, M., New Haven, Ct.
  Manchester & Brother, Providence, and Newport, R. I.
  McDonald, D., Main Street, Buffalo, New York.
  Miles, Chas. T., Fayette, Jefferson Co., Miss.
  McClees & Germon, Philadelphia, Pa.
  M'Intyre, S. C., San Francisco. California.
  Morand, A., 132 Chatham Street, N. Y.

  Naramore, William, Bridgeport, Conn.
  Nichols, John P., No. 75 Court street, Boston, Mass.

  Ormsbee & Silsbee, No. 203 Washington street, Mass.
  Owen, N., Goshen, N. Y.

  Prosch, G. W., Newark, N. J.
  Peck, Samuel, New Haven, Ct.
  Powelson & Co., 177 Broadway, N. Y.
  Prod'homme, J. F., 663 Broadway, N. Y.

  Reynolds, G. L., Lexington, Va.
  Rice, S. N., 194 Canal Street, N. Y.
  Root, M. A. & S., No. 363 Broadway, New York, and
    140 Chesnut Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
  Ritten, E. D., Dunburry, Conn.

  Swift, H. B., 312 Market St, Philadelphia, Pa.
  Sawyer, Jo., Boston, Mass.
  Stansbury, B., Brooklyn, L. I.
  Stamm & Upman, Milwaukee, Wis.
  Sissons, N. E., No. 496 Broadway, Albany, N. Y.
  Shorb, J. R., Winnsboro, S. C.
  Shew, Myron, Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, Pa.

  Thompson, S. J., No. 57 State Street, Albany, New York.
  Terry, Arther, Lima, Peru.
  Tomlinson, William A., Troy, New York.

  Van Alsten, A., Worcester, Mass.
  Vail, J. H., New Brunswick, N. J.
  Van Loan & Co., Chestnut street, Philadelphia, Pa.

  Westcott, C. P., Watertown, Jefferson Co., N. Y.
  Wood, R. L., Macon, Ga.
  Whipple, John A., Washington Street, Boston, Mass.
  Whitehurst, J. H., New York, Richmond, Norfolk, Petersburg,
    and Lynchbury, Va., Baltimore, Md., and Washington City, D. C.
  Wells, J. D., No. 3, Pleasant street, Northampton, Mass.
  Walker, S. L., Broadway, Albany and Poughkeepsie, N. Y.
  Warren, Geo. K., 128 Merrimack st., Lowell, Mass.
  Walker & Horton, Newburgh, N. Y.
  Wentworth. Henry, Fort Plain, Montgomery Co., N. Y.
  Williams, J. A., Washington Square, Newport, R. I.
  Williams, J. B., Philadelphia, Pa.
                    *       *       *       *       *




                        =THE DAGUERREIAN JOURNAL,=


=Devoted to the Daguerreian and Photogenic Arts,= _also, embracing the
Sciences, Arts and Literature_.

The Daguerreian Journal is published semi-monthly, at 311 Broadway, on the
1st and 15th of every month.

                          =Business Department.=

Terms--_Three Dollars_ a year; in advance.

                       =Inducements for Clubbing.=

Two copies of this Journal will be furnished for one year for $5; four do.
for $9; and ten do. for $20

                              =Advertising.=

        One square of 6 lines or less, one insertion, $0 50
        Do.   do.    10   "             "     "          75
        Do.   do.    14   "             "     "        1 00
        Half page, one insertion,                      6 00
        One page,   "     "                           10 00
        Less than a half page, a year, per line,       1 00
        Half page, per year,                          50 00
        One page,     "                              100 00
        Register of Daguerreian Artists, not exceeding
          two lines, $1 per year.

It is particularly requested that all addressing letters to us, would put
on the State, as well as the Town in which they live.

Subscribers are authorised and requested to send bank notes or change by
mail, at our risk, provided it is done in the presence of the Post Master,
and the letters are franked.

All communications and remittances intended for this Journal, in order to
secure attention should be post paid.

Daguerreian Artists that are travelling in the country, can have this
Journal sent to any place where they may be, provided they give us notice,
and the Post Office changed from.

[Hand] All Letters should be addressed (post paid) to S. D. HUMPHREY
Publisher, 311 Broadway, New York.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                     =GURNEY'S DAGUERREIAN GALLERY.=

                          _189 Broadway, N. Y.,_

Has been known for years as one of the First Establishments of the kind
in the country, and the oldest in this city. Mr. G. attends personally to
the Operating Department, and having a superior arrangement of Light, as
well also as every other ability; and from his long experience in the Art,
he is at all times enabled to give perfect satisfaction to all who wish
a good likeness. His collection of large size pictures of distinguished
persons, are universally pronounced superior to any heretofore taken in
this country. Ladies and Gentlemen are respectfully invited to examine
them: 189 Broadway, directly opposite John Street.

_Copies of a Superior Daguerreotype of_ Jenny Lind _for sale_.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                         =JAMES BROWN'S=

                     DAGUERREOTYPE MINIATURE GALLERY.

                       _181 Broadway: Rear Stairs._

THE undersigned, for four years the principal Operator of M. B. Brady, has
the honor to announce to his friends, and the fashionable circle, that
his Rooms are now open at the above No., for the transaction of business,
where he will be pleased to see his friends and the public generally;
and hopes to receive a portion of that patronage so liberally extended
to him while principal at Brady's. He will also take the liberty of
mentioning, to those unacquainted with the fact, that the pictures which
have received the different premiums for Mr. Brady, were taken, colored,
and arranged, with the assistance of Mr. Hays, who is still with him,
entirely by himself. Particular attention is called to the very superior
coloring tone and finish of the impressions from this establishment,
which, through an incessant study of seven years, the subscriber feels
conscious in asserting can always be relied on, as he attends personally
to his sitters. Pictures taken in any weather, in any desired style, and
his charges being extremely moderate, he hopes to suit all classes.

                                             JAMES BROWN,

                             _Member of the Society for the Promotion of
                                   Painting in Water Colors, and for ten
                                         years a Student in the National
                                                       Academy of Design._

                    *       *       *       *       *

                              =DOBYNS & Co.=

DEALERS in all kinds of Daguerreotype Stock, Plates, Chemicals, and
Apparatus. No. 6 & 28 Camp Street, New Orleans, La.; No. 60 Front Row,
Memphis, Tenn.; No. 489 Main Street, Louisville, Ky.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                        =INSLEY'S DAGUERREOTYPES.=

HAYING had the honor, in the early part of 1840, to establish ONE of the
THREE Galleries first opened to the public, in this city or the world,
viz: by Mr. Wolcott, Professors Morse & Draper, and Insley and Prosch, the
undersigned flatters himself that his prolonged experience will enable
him to give entire satisfaction to those who desire Likenesses by this
charming process.

                                  INSLEY,

  311 Broadway, N. Y.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                  =M. A. & S. ROOTS DAGUERREIAN ROOMS.=

CORNER of Broadway and Franklin Street, New York. M. A. & S. Root,
celebrated for years as Daguerreian Artists in Philadelphia, have opened
a magnificently furnished SUITE OF ROOMS, in the most fashionable part of
the city, (No. 363 Broadway, corner of Franklin Street,) where, having an
admirably arranged light, they flatter themselves that they will be able
to furnish Daguerreotype Likenesses, equal in finish, accuracy and effect,
to anything of the kind in the world. They have received Six Medals from
the various Fairs and Institutes of our country; also the two highest
Medals at the Fair of 1850 in New York and Philadelphia, for the best
specimens of Daguerreotypes ever exhibited. The public are respectfully
invited to visit their Rooms and examine their Gallery of Likenesses of
the most distinguished people. Gallery Free.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                              =MYRON SHEW,=

DEALER in Daguerreotype Apparatus and Materials, Wholesale and Retail, 116
Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                            =A. MORAND=

                           DAGUERREIAN ARTIST,

                        132 Chatham Street, N. Y.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                            =J. W. THOMPSON'S=

DAGUERREIAN GALLERY and Depot of Daguerreian Materials of all kinds,
Instruments, Apparatus, and everything belonging to the Art, for sale
at low prices. Every Operator knows the advantage of buying his Stock
(especially plates and chemicals) of a person who not only sells Stock,
but is also a practical Daguerreotypist.

315 Broadway, N. Y.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                   =POSTAGE ON THE DAGUERREIAN JOURNAL=

THERE has been a few instances where Postmasters have charged pamphlet
postage on this Journal. We say the Daguerreian Journal is "subject to
newspaper postage only," because that is all that can legally be charged
on it. A newspaper must be published as often as "once a month," and
contain intelligence of passing events.

This publication is semi-monthly, and contains, a general summary of
"passing events." The law says it may contain two sheets, if the two
together do not exceed 1,900 square inches. This Journal contains less
than 1,100 square inches. These sheets may be folded in any shape, or
printed on paper of any color. The following is an extract from the Act of
Congress for regulating postage.

"A newspaper is defined to be any printed publication issued in numbers,
and published at stated intervals of not more than a month, conveying
intelligence of passing events. It generally consists of a sheet, but may
be composed of two sheets of paper. In such case, it is chargeable with
newspaper postage only; provided that the sheets in the aggregate do not
exceed 1,900 square inches.

"A pamphlet is a small, unbound, printed book."

                    *       *       *       *       *

                      =LAWRENCE SCIENTIFIC SCHOOL,=

                            HARVARD UNIVERSITY

                            =CAMBRIDGE, MASS.=

Special Students attend daily from nine o'clock, A. M., till five o'clock,
P. M., in the Laboratories, and under the direction of the following
Professors:

Louis Agassiz, L. L. D., Professor of Geology and Zoology; Jeffries Wyman,
M. D., Professor of Comparative Anatomy and Physiology; Henry L. Eustis,
A. M., Professor of Engineering; Eben Norton Horsford, A. M., Professor of
Chemistry.

Instruction is also given by Professor Peirce, in Mathematics; Professor
Lovering, in Physics; and the Messrs Bond, at the Astronomical Observatory.

All lectures delivered to under-graduates of the College, are free to
members of the Scientific School.

  For further information apply to

                                  E. N. Horsford, Dean of the Faculty.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                             =DAGUERREOTYPE.=

The undersigned would call the attention of Daguerreotypists and the trade
to the recent improvements in their manufacture of plates, which, by a new
method of finishing, enables them to present an article possessing a finer
and softer surface, and requiring much less polishing than formerly. The
edges of all are neatly bent.

Owing to greater facilities in manufacturing, the prices have been
reduced, so as to bring them at about the same cost as the best imported
brands.

They have constantly on hand a large assortment of

              Plates,
                 Cases,
                     Frames,
                         Mattings,
                             Preservers,
                                 Lockets,
                                     Chemicals,

and Apparatus of every style and variety which they offer at the lowest
prices.

Agents for Voightlander's, Harrison's and other Cameras; Harrison's new
Buffing Wheel, &c., &c.

                                  Scovill Manufacturing Co.,
                                  No. 57 Maiden Lane, New York.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                               =CINCINNATI=

                    DAGUERREOTYPE STOCK ESTABLISHMENT.

The undersigned would call the attention of those wishing Daguerreotype
goods, to his large and general assortment of all articles appertaining to
the Daguerreian arts. The following named articles comprise only a few,
compared with the great variety of his stock.

_Cameras_--"_Voightlander and Sohn's_" German Cameras.

C. C. Harrison's Quarter, Halves, Wholes, Mammoth, View, and Quick Working
Cameras. Also a general assortment from other manufacturers.

Complete sets of Apparatus--such as Coating Boxes, Mercury Baths, Plate
Holders, Buffs, Buff Wheel, Peck's and Scovill's Patent Blocks, Lewis' new
Iron Rests, Iron and Chair Head Rests, Gilding Stands.

Cases--Papier-Mache inlaid with Mother of Pearl, Velvet in and out with
Clasps and Locks, Morocco lined with Velvet, Silk and Satin, Plain and
Gilt, also a great variety of fancy patterns.

Plates of all sizes--Scovill's, French, 40th of the Star, and other first
quality Brands.

Chemicals--American, German and French Bromine, Dry and Chloride of
Iodine, Hydroflouric Acid, Cyanide of Potassium, Pure Distilled Mercury,
a superior article of Chloride of Gold for Gilding, Hyposulphite of Gold,
Chloride of Calcium, Colors, Rotten Stone, Rouge, an excellent article.

Lamps, Nippers, Glass Funnels, Glass Graduates, Prepared Buckskins,
Brushes, &c., &c.

All of the above articles are of the first quality, and will be furnished
at reasonable rates.

Orders punctually attended to and satisfaction given.

                                      PETER SMITH,
                              No. 36 Fifth street, Cincinnati, Ohio.

                    *       *       *       *       *

                              =MYRON SHEW,=

             DEALER IN DAGUERREOTYPE APPARATUS AND MATERIALS,

                          WHOLESALE AND RETAIL,

               No. 116 Chestnut street, Philadelphia, Pa.

German and American Cameras of all sizes and of the best manufacture,
Coating Boxes, Camera Stands, Mercury Baths, Buffing Vices, Head Rests,
Plates, Cases, Chemicals, Frames, Gold and Gilt Lockets, Fancy Book Cases,
Papier-Mache Cases, Preservers, Mats, Glass, and all articles used in the
Art constantly on hand in great variety at the lowest prices.

Mr. S. having had a number of years practical experience in the
Daguerreian Art, feels confident that he is prepared to give satisfaction
to his customers in the selection of articles used in the business.

This being the only establishment in Philadelphia devoted exclusively to
Daguerreotype materials, Artists will find it to their interest to call at
once where they are sure of finding every article used in the Art.

Orders from the country promptly and faithfully attended to.


                    *       *       *       *       *

Transcriber Note


Minor typos have been corrected. Images moved to prevent splitting
paragraphs. Various formats were used to display pricing these were not
standardized. The listing of Registered Users was left in the order
published. Illustrations of a right pointing hand for advertisements is
denoted as [Hand].









End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Daguerreian Journal, Vol. II, No.
2, June 1, 1851, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK DAGUERREIAN JOURNAL, JUNE 1, 1851 ***

***** This file should be named 63428-8.txt or 63428-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/6/3/4/2/63428/

Produced by Tom Cosmas produced from files generously
provided on The Internet Archive. All resultant materials
are placed in the Public Domain.

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

